
  “News from the Runeterra Hockey League that all the people and pundits are discussing,” said a feminine voice, the podcast Tayl and Jack marking 44 minutes into its runtime on a Wednesday afternoon in August.“The decision to expand the league out to Zaun last season has been met with its fair share of criticism,” the voice continued, “but in the wake of the protection deadlines this morning at 8AM Void Standard Time, the criticism seems a thing of the past. Today, every team in the RHL was expected to put eight of their twenty—three person roster under special protections — seven skaters and one goaltender — and the newly—formed Zaunite Sumprats are allowed to draft anyone the teams do not place protections upon, going one by one across the teams until they select twice from each club.”It was a hot and crusty day in Zaun. The voice was played out of car speakers, headphones, television speakers in the background. It contended with car horns and air conditioning units that creaked and groaned against the strain of comforting the inhabitants of homes, vehicles, restaurants. People listened with a wide range of interest — from the impassioned to the disdainful, eyes widening and rolling in equal measure.“So the list is out as of this morning, and we wanted to break it down for you guys — who the most intriguing people on the list are for the Zaun Sumprats to take. Starting with — I think — the most shocking thing on the available list, Violet Wickett from the Ionia Ironfists is not being protected!”“Shes proven herself unable to win,” another, lower—pitched voice put in, met with derision or passionate agreement from the thousands of listeners, “that much we knew.”“Maybe she just hasnt had the right team around her.”“The right team — dont give me this right situation crap, Taylor. Its not like were dealing with someone in her second year in the league. Wickett has been on that team for twelve years — shes had her chance, shes on the wrong side of thirty.”“I love her game. When shes on the ice, the team instantly gets better at defence, she can shut down passing lanes, and shes a bona fide shotblocker.”“Taylor, dont make me read her resume again, okay? I keep this in my front pocket—”“Oh boy, here we go—”“Just in case — Im talking, Tay — just in case fools like you try to test me on Wickett, because Im so tired of watching her lose, okay? Drafted late in the second round because she was a big question mark in college, worked her way up the bench until she was on the second unit, second in Rookie of the Year race, lost to Kiramman, which—”“Save that for later, Jack.”“Oh, were doing a segment on it?”“Save it for later.”“Okay, okay. So she loses to Kiramman for Rookie of the Year. Doesnt make the playoffs that year — not her fault, the Ironfists were a dumpster fire. Cant pin the next two years on her, but then—”“The contract.”“—She signs a multi—year deal with the Ironfists, big money, and they promote her to captain.”“Promoted a player in their fourth year to captain. Lots of pressure early in her career, thats all Im saying.”“Its a sink or swim league, Taylor. Anyways. The Ironfists make it to the playoffs in 2014. Wickett: 0 goals, 2 assists, swept by the Lone Stars in 4 games. 2015, Wickett: 2 goals, 3 assists, swept by the Lone Stars in 4 games. 2016—”“—gets hurt.”“Takes a slapshot to the face mid—game three, comes back in game five. 6 goals, 4 assists, loses in 6 games to the War Horses. That was the only difficulty the War Horses had in the playoffs that year.”“That was the year Akali went nuclear.”“Yeah. So gets hurt—”“If Wickett doesnt go down that series, the Ironfists win it.”“Well, sure.”“It was heading that way.”“Sure. But anyways — 2017, 2018, 2019, doesnt make it to the post—season, three year drought. Comes back in 2020, and she plays well, finally gets out of round one, only to get swept in round two by the Lone Stars in 4 games. Wicketts stats are great — 4 goals and 2 assists in 4 games. 2021, faces the Lone Stars in round one—”“—gets hurt again, yeah.”“—busts her knee cap, they lose in 5. Has to go for surgery in the offseason. Last year, she comes back late in the year, the Ironfists manage to make it to the playoffs and lose in a barn burner of a first round series — 7 games, lost the last one on the road.”“Wickett was brilliant in that series, though.”“Yeah, but she missed the game winning goal by a mile. So what do you have when Wicketts your best player — great defence, but twelve years in the league and shes sniffed the second round one time, and been utterly stuffed by the Lone Stars most of her career.”“I think the Ironfists and Wickett are just moving on from one another — thats what Ive heard, anyway. Change of scenery, change of pace.”“She was born in Zaun. But if Im the GM of the Sumprats—”“Thank God youre not, Jack.”“— If Im Mel Medarda, or if Im coach Sevika, am I really looking at Violet Wickett as the answer? Do I want a defence minded forward as my first selection in this thing?”“So thats why I bring Violet Wickett up,” says the first, feminine voice, “because theres two things that have defined Vi her entire career. How hard she plays as a forward, especially on defence, and her rivalry with Caitlyn Kiramman.”“See, if Im Mel Medarda, Im not even giving Wickett another glance. Im taking Kiramman with my first pick and grabbing from the end of the Ironfists bench.”“Thats what makes this so delicious, though, Jack. Mel Medarda can get both of them.”“Oh, stop it.”“Its not impossible!”“Stop it. They hate each other. Every single time Wickett has been squashed in the playoffs its been at Kirammans glove. They made it obvious how they felt about each other in their rookie year. A twelve year rivalry doesnt just disappear because you both don the same sweater.”“Lets look at the numbers, Jack.”“Stop it!”“Lets look at them! Kirammans biggest knock on her is her lack of defensive awareness, right? People dont like how she cant defend passing lanes or how she doesnt hit—”“Thats true, by the way. Shes got some of the lowest checking numbers in the RHL per minute.”“Okay, sure. But you know who has one of the highest checking numbers? Violet freaking Wickett. Whats Vis biggest criticism?”“Clutch goal scoring.”“Kiramman has scored more game winning goals in the regular season and playoffs combined than any other skater in the same time span. The womans a lethal sniper in big moments. Imagine their powers combined.”“Theyd need to squash the beef if that were to happen.”“Oh, please. You dont think they can be professional?”“I was at those Lone Star—Ironfist games, alright? Those two girls hate each other. Theres a professional rivalry, theres actual hatred, and then theres what Caitlyn Kiramman and Violet Wickett feel for one another. If they were to get into the same locker room, itd be instant toxicity.”“Okay, okay. But if were going to play the history game, your girl Kiramman hasnt exactly been the queen of playoff wins either. Shes never gotten out of the second round, and if she isnt playing against Vis Ironfists, she flounders hard. We all remember 2017, up 3—1 against the Wild Cats, Kiramman has four separate wide open chances to score, gets hammered all four times. Hell, the rest of the league seemed to figure out how to beat her after 2016 — hit her because she wont hit back.”“It doesnt help that the enforcers on the Lone Stars dont really seem to see her,” Jack mutters.“Yeah — its not hard to see her as a bad teammate. I dont really know how else to explain why her teammates have never had her back.”“I know that everyone wants to talk about Wickett being the big story because a team didnt protect their captain in the expansion draft, but its genuinely crazy that the Lone Stars are just giving Kiramman up. Rookie of the year, nine time all—star, top scorer in the league three times, top ten every single season except her rookie year.”“Still, Mel Medarda can snatch up two blue chip players and be in amazing shape for the Zaun Sumprats first ever season in the RHL.”“So, thats the other thing — what youre saying makes sense, Taylor. I get it. But Mel Medarda is a first year GM running a brand new franchise, and Sevika is a first year coach with zero prior experience in coaching. Do you really think theyd invite the dramatics of having both Kiramman and Wickett on their team in their first year?”“Why not? Why not give it a shot?”“Because youre playing with nuclear fire, here, Taylor.”“Jack, everyone is expected to suck when youre a brand new expansion team. Theres no pressure to compete at all that first year. Both are on expiring contracts, so if it doesnt pan out, you can just say adios after the seasons done and be rid of it. Call it a one year experiment.”“Its a lot of money to be carrying for one year if it goes nuclear.”“Everything Ive heard about both Coach Sevika and Mel Medarda is that theyre risk takers and rule breakers and theyre not afraid to get their hands dirty in the slightest. If I were them, and I had a legitimate shot to grab two top of their field skaters, I would roll the dice.”“Well one things for sure — it would make our jobs incredibly exciting.”“No doubt. Well, well keep all you listeners updated. In the meantime, well see in the coming days if the newly formed Zaun Sumprats have what it takes to make a legitimate—”  
  Run at the Cup.
 
   August Part One: No Protection
 
  Each person holds so much power within themselves. Sometimes they just need a little nudge; direction, support, coaching.

  —Pete Carroll
 The phone call that changed everything couldnt have come at a more embarrassing time.Vi Wickett had been told that she needed to rest her knee in the offseason, the second surgery shed had a week after the Ironfists had been eliminated from the playoffs requiring a lot of recovery time, staying off of it and letting the swelling vanish, letting her muscles warm back up to being used and abused in such an extreme way. The stability of it had been permanently damaged, shed been told, and careful management and monitoring would be required for the rest of her professional life. An image of her dad had discussed retirement with her for all of four seconds before her hard glare from the hospital bed had left Vander going quiet, mumbling the rest of his eloquent argument underneath his breath.“What are you trying to prove?” Vander had asked, bad tempered, glaring down at the linoleum of her private hospital room.“Nothing to anybody,” Vi had said, had lied. Shed shifted in her bed, fidgeted with her hands, ran her tongue along the missing teeth along the side of her cheek — lost it when shed taken a hard slapshot to the face, requiring twelve stitches and false teeth that she forgot to put in more often than not.The knee thing kept her sidelined for the first half of her summer off, having to stay in her five bedroom penthouse in Ionia that was already listed on the market. Shed seen the writing on the wall, and was a student of RHL history — no team spent 12 years with one player, turning 32 and with two major knee surgeries, and thought to keep the ball rolling much further. Vi had enjoyed her time as an Ironfist, appreciated the fanbase that passionately defended her when things had gotten thick and the criticism had been hot and heavy — calling her the ultimate glue guy, the hardest working forward in the league.In the years past, the defence had gotten less passionate, shifted to younger players on the team — the KaiSas and the Setts that showed up with quick hands and natural gifts and scoring abilities that Vi would never possess, no matter how much later she stayed at the rink than them.So shed opted for the easiest way out. With one year on her contract, Vi had met with the management of the team — Brian had been the GM of the Ironfists her entire tenure, and was in just as much of a hot seat as she was. For her, saying goodbye to a team meant moving across Runeterra and maybe being paid less on a new contract. For Brian, it would mean losing his job, maybe never being hired in the business again.“I want to say,” Vi had said, knee in a thick brace and stretched out in front of her in his spotless purple office, her eyes dry and tight and focused on him, “I know that you had trade offers, and I appreciate how much faith you had in me.”“Ill do my best for you, Vi,” he replied, his high, nasal voice warming her slightly. Vi had always found it annoying, but now, with the Ironfists so close to being in her rearview mirror, she realised shed miss it.“I know.”“Well take you off the protection list, first. See if Zaun picks you up. If not, though, well try and get you to a good situation, maybe a team with a shot at the cup.”“Sounds good,” Vi said, and her eyes watered a little. The Ironfists past 12 years had been rife with coaching hires and fires, trades, free agent signings — the only constant had seemed to be Vi and Brian, Brain and Vi, trying to work out the magic combination of personnel and talent that would make them a contender.Their entire relationship was summed in a single gesture — Vis large hand encapsulating Brians tiny one, giving him a firm pump. She limped out of the office for the last time, focusing on breathing and not meeting anyones eyes — feeling the stares of lingering, wistful nostalgia on her broad shoulders and muscled back.The fans had adoringly called them the Vironfists, when shed been a goddess, when shed slam a body into the boards and hear lustful cheering, powered by the crowd and her youth. Shed felt immortal.Caitlyn Kiramman had changed all of that — over and over and over again. Stolen what shed seen as her time, her chance. Worse, shed stolen it not by being malicious or vengeful or petty — just by being on a better team.The rest of her summer had been milling around the penthouse, halfheartedly packing for a destination she didnt know yet, messaging her agent for rumours, to see if the Sumprats had made any inklings of grabbing her with their first expansion draft pick. Her agent was a prickly bitch named Elora, only seemed to work when the sun went down, but she was as hard working as Vi herself was. Whenever they spoke, Elora seemed to be fiercely excited by the prospect of negotiating a new deal with a new franchise, rather than going to Brian every time Vis contract was up and naming a number.“Brian gave me a great decade plus,” Vi reminded Elora over the phone, packing her small collection of books into a plastic tote, spines facing towards herself.“Brian is a turd,” Elora muttered, “I told him that you needed a scoring wing on that team for six years, and he only gets one when hes ready to say goodbye to you.”“He did good by me. Never steered me wrong. Thats rare in a GM.”“Brian never gave anyone a challenge. Now, if we get you to Zaun,” Elora groaned, “Mel Medarda — shes going to be fun.”Vi shook her head, sighed, and told Elora to call her as soon as shed heard anything.Other than throwing shit into plastic boxes and checking in with her contacts once a day, Vi focused on healing and idly scrolling through a subfolder of contacts in her phone, thumb hovering over names. Being injured and recovering always gave room in her schedule for… other activities, things that might help keep her in some semblance of shape, though not really in a hockey related context.Beth, Birch, Byldrid, C, Carey—Vi scrolled back and hovered over C, frowning at it, wiggled her thumb until the single letter blurred into a fuzzy black shape. She lifted her thumb off of the letter and exhaled slowly through her nose, laid her phone flat on her chest, staring up at the ceiling.Pressing that letter was inviting a lot — a lot — back into her life.It was better to focus on healing, not hookups. She had so many contacts to check in with, so much to pack up. She should focus on that. She should really, really, focus on that.  “Oh fuck,” gasped the woman as she pressed her forehead deeper into Vis blood red pillows, Vi working the cock deeper into her with a shallow thrust, her fingers stretching out to grip onto dark, silky hair, Vis own cloth—covered tits bouncing harshly with the movement. The woman was wearing her shirt, too — her jeans, sinfully tight and dark blue — pulled around her knees in their haste to act on the text message that Vi had sent 37 minutes ago. Using the long hair as a rope to leverage against, Vi thrust deep, bottoming out inside of her guest, pressing her hips forwards and feeling her guest push backwards, quivering against her. They pushed against one another as her guest keened, gasped, and broke, gushing around the black silicone, drenching the red sheets.Vi sighed, smacking one ass cheek as she tugged on the dark hair, being rewarded with a gasp and an annoyed Vi.“Right,” Vi said, “sorry.”“Sure you are,” came the clipped, quiet accent. A hand came up to tap at Vis wrist, and Vi relinquished her hold on the hair, slowly pulling out as her guest worked her way forwards, turning around to pull her jeans back up her hips.Fingers brushed dark hair out of her eyes, and Vi was looking into the face of Caitlyn Kiramman.“Was it good for you, baby?” Vi cooed, earning an eye roll from the taller woman in response.“It will do,” came the response, as Kiramman launched herself from Vis bed, leaving her on her knees with a dick softly bobbing. Vi glared, hastening to remove the harness and pull her own yoga pants up, her knee twinging with the movement as Kiramman moved out of the bedroom and back towards the living room, no doubt collecting the items that she had discarded violently upon entering Vis penthouse.“Running away so soon.” Vi called mockingly, venom in her voice, “no time for a cuddle?”“You knew what this was about when you texted,” Kirammans voice floated back. Vi finished pulling up her pants, pausing to look at the knee brace for a moment before choosing to walk out of the bedroom without it. Wouldnt do good to show weakness to the enemy.“Usually, you arent quite that eager,” Vi replied, pausing to lean against the wall as Kiramman pulled on her leather jacket, pulled her messed up hair out of its ponytail to re—do it.Kiramman was tall and willowy, deceptively built. Vi had felt the ropy muscles across her frame enough when she was slamming into her on open ice, felt them even more intimately when she was running big fingers across her washboard abs. Kiramman could skate for an hour without pause and could fuck for an afternoon, which were two traits that Vi had been surprised by— frustratingly in the first instance, pleasantly in the second.“Yeah, well,” Kiramman said, pulling her phone out to check for new messages, putting it away quickly. Offseason habit — every RHL player in the league was panic—checking their phones, trying to get a handle on trades, hirings, firings. She ran a hand along the sleek tail of her hair, exhaled quietly, lowly, and stuffed her phone into her pocket.“This was,” Kiramman began, and then shrugged, turned to leave.“You always had the better team,” Vi called, and Kiramman paused, slowly turned around. It was an old argument, a familiar argument, but this time, Kirammans eyes were murderous, angry. It made Vi take a step back, even as a bolt of something shot through her at the look on Kirammans face.“Shut the fuck up,” she snarled, and with a blink, she was slamming the front door shut.“Touched a nerve,” Vi murmured, “okay.”Later that night, Elora told her that Kiramman wasnt being protected, either — that she was just as up for grabs as Vi was for the Sumprats. Suddenly, the prickly demeanour made a lot more sense.“But — that doesnt — shes one of the best shooting defensemen in the league!” Vi spluttered.“I know. But apparently, management at Piltover doesnt agree.”“Wow. Thats — theres no way theyre not taking her, huh?”“Two schools of thought on it,” Elora mused, “and the only thing everyone seems to agree on is that Mel Medarda doesnt really talk about her plans. Coach Sevika is also similarly impenetrable — the two of them are tight lipped and intimidating to journalists. One school of thought is that they want to build around you as a hometown hero type — bring you back home to Zaun, build around your strengths for one season, see how you play out. Thatll be really good for us.”Vi couldnt see it — not with one bad wheel and with 12 years in the league on her, a lot of miles on her odometer.“The second?”“They build a high scoring, fast paced team around Kiramman and Ashe— both of the Stars and Wanderers are passing there. Beat everyone by running up the score on them.”That seemed more like it — skaters like her, defensive minded grinders who hit first and had shit hands, were dinosaurs — things that were going extinct. Everyone in the RHL wanted younger and faster, not beaten up, old, slow and without a single trophy to show for it.“Well,” Vi said, sighing, “I guess Im not going home.”“Dont give up your big dreams yet, big girl. I have a feeling that Mel Medarda might be willing to zag completely. If you and Kiramman were both on the ice—”Vis blood froze at the thought.“No way. Wed be at each others throats the whole time. She has to see that — its all anyone talks about when we play.”“But if you found a way to squash that,” Elora said, excitedly, “youd be a natural fit. The leagues best sniper and best hitter on the same squad. Could be something really special.”Vi hung up soon after, lying flat on her bed, leg elevated to promote blood flow. There was no way theyd allow that to happen. No way this hotshot GM would be willing to roll the dice — not when Vi and Kiramman were such a powder keg.Vi turned to look at her cell phone, scrolling up and down with her thumb, the C blurring in her vision with her wiggling thumb. Maybe Kiramman would know more. Maybe Vi could feel her out, see what she thought about the two of them—“Nah,” Vi said, locking her phone and tossing it aside. There was no two of them — not until one of them felt full to bursting and needed a quick nut.There was no way that Mel Medarda could possibly be that stupid.   Theyd met on the ice, which most people would have been able to guess. The Ionian Ironfists had a reputation as a hard hitting team, defence over offense, winning low scoring games with a combination of excellent goaltending and great defensive awareness. The schedule that year — Vi and Kirammans rookie year, it turned out — had made it so that the Piltover Lone Stars and the Ironfists had met several times in the first few months of hockey.Vi had been on the bench, the Ironfists newest addition, being forced to prove herself by playing in the junk minutes of games — only seeing ice time when games were too far out of hand for her to impact them. Even still, her coach and teammates had liked her hustle, admired how hard shed worked, and her determination to improve had moved her slowly but surely up the bench, a starting position in her sights.Kiramman, meanwhile, had been flying around the ice, put in as a starter immediately. Her dark hair was fanned out from under her helmet, flowing behind her as she pumped her long legs to chase after plays, snagging passes on the blade of her long stick and controlling the puck with ease, dark blue eyes scanning the ice, analyzing before making the perfect play or winding up the ultimate shot.Vi had been on the ice when Kiramman had scored the first game winning goal against her — the first of many. Shed seen the play — a Lone Star forward had snagged the puck from behind the Ionian net, flung it out to the blue line where Kiramman had caught it with the blade of her stick, shifted herself down the blue line, wound up. Vi had hustled to get there, diving forwards on one side as the telltale slap echoed throughout the rink, the puck just barely missing her hip.The goalies water bottle flew upwards in a spiral as the Piltover crowd roared its approval, the red light behind the Ionian net flashing red. Kiramman nodded in satisfaction alongside the loud BWOOOOOOO of the goal horn, skating backwards as her teammates moved towards her, tapping gloves against hers, shaking her shoulders with muted excitement.Vi had sat up from her position on the ice, shaking her head. She had clambered to her feet, skated to the bench, watching Kiramman over her shoulder. The goal scoring celebration was usually more exciting than that, more jubilant and flashy. But Kiramman just smiled, a little hollowly, and her teammates, too, seemed less than enthused.Vi kept watching as she skated to the open door of her bench, stepping into it. Suddenly, she was aware of Kiramman staring back, eyebrows raised.Vi had grinned at her, and Kiramman had jerked her gaze away.Their two squads had met three more times during the regular season, and each time Vi had been closer and closer to the starting lineup. Shed proven herself skilled at killing off penalties, invaluable on the power play as someone who was willing to dig the puck out of the corners and make the difficult pass, and matched up against Kiramman a lot. Vi would body up on her, driving her tall frame into the boards, knocking her stick off of the puck, posting up in front of her to harass and poke and prod and knock her off of her game.Kiramman didnt say a word to her the entire time, eyes glazed over in a vague determined expression, a slightly angry tilt to her brow.Their last game of the regular season, Vi hit Kiramman so hard she collapsed in the corner of the rink, stick and one glove flying. Vi gripped Kirammans jersey as she fell, slowed her enough so she didnt hit her head, and then chased the puck down the ice for the five on four opportunity. Kiramman was slow to get up, and by the time she had managed to make it down the ice, the Ironfists had scored. Vi was celebrating with her teammates and so had missed the initial reaction to her hit, but when she turned to look, eyes seeking the taller skater, she found Kiramman sitting on the bench, eyes locked forwards, a teammates hand resting on her shoulder pads, patting awkwardly.Kiramman had always been a shoo in for the Rookie of the Year trophy, but Vis play had made some noise late in the season, forcing the voters to recognize that she was good — maybe even a future great. Comparisons to past legends in the RHL flew left and right, heated arguments on social media and sports talk shows and podcasts erupted. What do you value, theyd say, hustle and defense or scoring? The two of them became symbols that were on opposite sides, Vi the blue collar late round pick that had to work for everything shed been given, Kiramman the white collar hockey royalty that had been selected first overall and was living up to her expectation.The race, Elora had said, was tighter than any had been for years. She had been ecstatic — Vis name was on everyones lips, and she thought there was a real chance that Vi would swoop in and win it over Kiramman at the last moment.Kiramman wore a dress to the end of year awards ceremony — a strapless red thing that showed off the dip in her back and her ropy muscle. Vi wore a suit and tried not to stare. Kiramman made small talk with a few of the executives and coaches, nodded politely at some players, took her seat beside her teammates. Vi couldnt help but sneak little glances throughout the speeches, her palms soaked through with sweat, clenching at her slacks."Our rookie of the year award," began Commissioner Davis, "recognizes the player who exemplified talent in their first year of play. It solidifies that its recipient is one to watch out for in the future, one who will make this league and its fans all the better for their talent and leadership. This years Rookie of the Year goes to—”Vi felt the hands of her teammates pull and push her, Eloras shaking hand slowly lifting a glass to her lips in her peripheral.“Caitlyn Kiramman, of the Piltover Lone Stars!”The room erupted into applause as Kiramman unfolded herself from her seat, back muscles shifting as she glided towards the stage, the hands of Vis teammates becoming sympathetic, whispered fuckin Lone Stars and youll crush her next year, dont worry surrounding her. All she could do, though, was stare at Kiramman s back.  The contact labelled C in Vis phone was clicked again, asking for a timeline that Kiramman was going to be in Ionia for, how much free time she had while she was down here. Before Elora had told her about Kirammans upcoming status, Vi had assumed that Kiramman  was in town to visit potential sponsors, maybe do a camp or two. Now, though, with her future unsure, Kiramman  was more likely than not scouting places to live, seeing if the Ironfists needed a goal scoring defenseman with excellent hands and great vision — and her hockey playing skills werent so bad either.The joke rattled around in Vis head in her empty penthouse, making her chuckle to herself in her empty rooms. The brace on her knee drove her crazy, itching to get onto a rink — any rink — and do basic drills, start figuring out how best to improve for the upcoming campaign. The C in her phone got back to her — in town for a week, enough time for some distractions — for both of them — from the dead air that came from sitting around in the offseason and  waiting  for news.They were athletes — they didnt wait. They went out and took what they wanted.They met up in more neutral ground at Kirammans insistence — whenever Vi suggested her penthouse she was rebuked forcefully — and Kiramman did her the service of not making her kneel too much, eyes on her brace whenever they discussed logistics. Instead, Kiramman was riding her strap, face and chest bright red, breasts heaving under the dingy motel lights as Vi clenched the bedspread and grit her teeth against the ministrations against her clit. Kiramman held a little pink remote with a thin wire leading underneath her harness, twisting the controls on it up and down in time with her frantic thrusts.The sight of Kiramman flexing her ropy muscles and the veins in her neck popping out as she stretched downwards and shuddered on Vis cock was enough to make Vi arch her hips and cum, soaking the inside of her harness. Kiramman was still wearing a t—shirt, her ballcap dishevelled and hanging off of her ponytail as she pushed flyaways out of her eyes and twisted her lips at Vis half—clothed form.They left the hotel room separately, each in their own disguises — Kiramman with a long leather jacket, a cap, and sunglasses, and Vi with her t—shirt and jeans, aviators on her face, piercings in her ear and nose, and a backwards cap with her number on it. She signed a few autographs when Kiramman beat a hasty retreat, answered a few questions with a wink, accepted some bewildered sympathy regarding her non—protected status in the Ironfists. Her leaving a motel didnt exactly fall out of line with her off—ice perception, anyways.Kiramman made time for her three times in five days — often at random points during the day. Once she called at almost eight in the morning, and Vi still found herself rolling out of bed, carefully stretching her knee before putting it in its brace, heading down to hail a cab to their usual spot.“Sorry,” Kiramman said, already waiting for her, dressed in a tank top and her underwear, tapping her fingers on her thighs anxiously, “its — today theyre announcing—”Vi put her hand on Kirammans mouth to stop the words from coming forth, understanding. Today theyre supposed to announce who was going to be on the unprotected list, and when that was done they were both in for a sea of uncertainty. Kiramman would probably be heading to Zaun, and Vi honestly wished she could be a fly on the wall for when Kirammans regal form stepped off of the plane into Zauns dusty and cracked streets. It was Vis home, but she had no illusions that it was a vastly different place than Piltover.Vi, meanwhile, would be looking for an organisation that was willing to take on a cranky veteran forward with a bad wheel and too much baggage.She tried not to hate Kiramman as she slowly pushed her back against the bed with the hand sealing the taller womans lips shut. Tried to push it out of her mind — the fact that she was chasing a ghost, content to eat the ice chips from Kirammans skates as the other woman blazed a trail through the RHL — as her hand slowly pressed downwards, feeling Kirammans panties, feeling how soaked through they were.“Youre already ready,” Vi intoned, and moved the bikini cut aside to allow her access with two teasing fingers. Kiramman groaned against her palm and spread her legs wider, allowing Vi anything she wanted — everything she wanted.It was Vis favourite thing about this — about them. Kiramman just —  yielded  . A softness that was never there when they played on the ice, a softness that Vi wondered if only she had ever seen. Ever since theyd started — whatever this was, Vi had felt that it was worth protecting —  this  Kiramman was worth protecting.Vis fingers dipped lower, and Kiramman let out a soft gasp, one hand coming up to grip at Vis wrist — the one that was pressing against Kirammans mouth, forcing her head against the motel mattress. To Vis surprise, it applied more pressure, keeping Kirammans head restrained, making Vis eyebrow lift with surprise.“Ooh,” Vi growled out, “thats new. You want me to  restrain  you, Princess?”Kiramman closed her eyes, lifted her hips, nodded.Vis shrill ringtone pierced the moment, causing her to shake from her reverie, staring at Kiramman, stretched out beneath her.“Sorry,” Vi muttered, releasing Kiramman and pulling her fingers free slowly, “offseason.”“I get it,” Kiramman said, hoisting herself further up onto the mattress, folding her legs beneath her.Eloras name displayed on Vis Caller ID, and she felt her stomach drop as she swiped the call button. Bad news, most likely.“Yeah?” Vi said by way of greeting, refusing to turn to look at Kiramman when someone else said that they didnt want Vi around, didnt need her.Vis eyebrows creased, a frown fighting her features. “What?” she asked.“No, I dont — I dont understand,” Vi continued, “but what about—”Now, with shock writ large across her features, she turned to look at Kiramman, eyes wide. Kiramman met her gaze with a questioning one before her own phone began to ring from its place on the nightstand, forcing her to roll slightly to pick it up.“Thats crazy,” Vi muttered, turning back to face the wall as Kirammans  what?  pierced the air behind her.“She cant be— that has to be a mistake, Elora. Youre sure?”Vi shook her head. “No. No, I dont care about your source.  Theres no way Mel Medarda is that fucking idiotic.”








   With the first pick in the expansion draft, the Zaun Sumprats select: Violet Wickett, from the Ionian Ironfists. 


  
   With the second pick in the expansion draft, the Zaun Sumprats select: Caitlyn Kiramman, from the Piltover Lone Stars. 




  
  It was a bad week to quit smoking.
 
  The gum in Sevikas mouth wouldve powdered long ago if it wasnt for the nicotine that ran through it, worked feverishly in her jaws as she stared at the green room of the Zaun Sumprats rink — the Last Drop Stadium, it was called, until some other corporate sponsor snatched it up — waiting to go sit on a tiny stool and answer inane questions about a season that hadnt even started yet, regarding a roster that she had very minimal impact on deciding. The team wasnt even picked yet — they still had the expansion draft and the rookie draft to go through in August before the season started in October.
 
  But Sevika knew how the dance worked.
 
  For coaches in the RHL, it went like this:
 
  You were hired to coach a group of players and steer them in whatever direction management dictated in order to save your job. In an ideal world, your goal would be to win — win periods, win games, and win a cup in that order. Youd stand in front of the locker room and give them impassioned speeches about the value of teamwork and youd push them to greater heights and prevail over all obstacles, and at the end of it all youd be able to lift the cup and kiss it and see all your dreams, even from your playing days, realised.
 
  How it had worked for Sevika had been a little different.
 
  After shed retired from playing — 18 seasons with the Bangle City Red Pandas, coming away with 6 MVP seasons, 11 All—Star nominations, 5 defensive player of the year trophies, 2 knees that ached when it rained, and 0 championships — shed floated, listless, missing the travel and bustle and hotel rooms and camaraderie. Shed jumped at the chance to coach, only to be stuck coaching a team that was supposed to lose.
 
  See, losing games meant that you got a higher pick in the draft, fresh new blood that could be the answer to your prayers. Losing games meant that in the long term, managers got to keep their jobs, and coaches got fired.
 
  So Sevika had protested quietly, and then, when that hadnt worked, shed protested in the press. She had packed her bags after a single season, a losing record permanently attached to her name whenever discussions of a new coach came floating up to the surface of the league rumour mill. Two years of floating listlessly, waiting for a phone call, turning down media jobs where shed have six minutes to ramble on whatever topic some producer had come up for that day.
 
  But then, Mel Medarda called, offering a trial contract of one year, to coach a roster that wasnt even constructed yet. Sevika was hesitant, not willing to commit to a roster that was a massive question mark, until Medarda had asked her, bluntly, what she wanted in a job.
 
  “I want a shot,” Sevika said, honestly. “I dont want to be saddled with a trash team. I want Ws.”
 
  “What a lucky coincidence,” Medarda had replied, smooth Piltover accent filling Sevikas ear, “
  
    I
  
   want the same thing.”
 
  Sevika was on a plane to Zaun — fully comped — an hour later. 24 later, Sevika drove around her old city with a realtor, the new head coach of the Sumprats.
 
  Now, about to march onto the podium to face the press with her new boss, Sevika had a moment to regret everything. Shed only had the job for a week. She could just leave this green room — with no Mel in sight — and she couldnt even be fined for it until the 10th day of her contract. She could cancel the house purchase she already had in the works and say 
  
    no hard feelings
  
   to the smooth talking first time GM of her new team, wait for an assistant coaching job somewhere, start to rebuild her credibility among the front office staffs and press the honest way.
 
  But she wouldnt, Sevika knew. Too much pride. It had always been her problem, according to a deadbeat dad and multiple coaches that got her close, but not close enough.
 
  Two minutes until showtime, Medarda arrived with a flock of three men in suits behind her. Her dark fingers flew over a cell phone, eyes roving the screen as she talked.
 
  “Tell Mr. Silco that the ticket sales arent where we want them for the pre—season, but he cant possibly expect more when the newfound fanbase doesnt even have faces for the posters yet or names for their jerseys — hes built it, so they will come.”
 
  One of the men opened his mouth, and Mel flicked her wrist at him, silencing him as she lifted her cell phone to her ear and shot a hard glare at Sevika.
 
  Sevikas phone began to vibrate in her pocket, and she swallowed, understanding, and leaned back against the green room wall, adopting a bored persona as the men in suits hovered, unsure.
 
  “Ah, hello, Chad,” Mel spoke into the still ringing phone, “are you busy? I have an eager owner and hed love some answers.”
 
  Sevika slid her hand into her pocket and pressed the answer button, just so that Mel didnt leave her an annoying message. The men gave up waiting and bustled off as Mel began to discuss logistics to Sevikas thigh, her eyes watching them leave, shutting the door behind them as she ended the call and breathed a sigh of relief.
 
  “Bloody leeches. Hello again, Coach. Im sorry I havent had a lot of time for you of late.”
 
  “Dont worry about it,” Sevika said, amused, “you seem busy.”
 
  “Oh yes, but still. Youre the one I most wanted to talk to. Sit down.”
 
  “Were supposed to go on in a minute,” Sevika said, gesturing to the doorway.
 
  Mel waved a hand. “Were the hot new story. The sports press will wait forever for us. Besides, Id prefer to start a habit of them operating on our time, not theirs.”
 
  Mel sat on one of the luxurious looking couches in the green room, gesturing across from herself. Sevika hesitated, then moved to lower her massive body into it, her knees groaning. It sat so low that she was nearly folded up trying to get comfortable, and Mel tapped at her phone while Sevika settled.
 
  “Just making a note to get some higher furniture. How are the knees?”
 
  Sevika quirked her lips. “Read about me?”
 
  Mel looked surprised. “Read about you? I watched most of your games. I really liked your game when I was growing up — very smash mouth hockey. A classic style.”
 
  Sevika lifted her shoulders, still studying Mel as Mel locked her phone, rested it on her lap. She was wearing a long blue dress, elegant gold necklace, earrings and makeup that made her look dramatic, shrewd, elegant.
 
  “What?” Mel asked.
 
  “You dont look like a hockey fan.”
 
  Mel scoffed. “What does a hockey fan look like?”
 
  “Not you.”
 
  Mel smoothed her dress out around her thighs. “The first goal you ever scored professionally,” she began, “was a deflection from in front of the net. The Red Pandas liked to stick you in front of the goaltender because the goalie couldnt see around you easily, and you saw a slapshot coming, angled your stick out, and deflected it underneath the goalies glove at the last moment. The Pandas lost 4—1, but the big takeaway from the game was that your hand speed was impressive and your ability to hit was some of the best theyd ever seen. Youd go on to break the record for number of checks by a centre, and broke it again in your second season. You retired with the most hits by any skater in history, with second place being nearly 1,500 hits fewer.”
 
  Sevika stared for a moment, and then curled her lips upwards. “So Im wrong,”
 
  “Correct.”
 
  “Sorry.”
 
  Mel waved it away. “Dont be. I love flexing my knowledge. But regardless, I wanted to discuss roster moves with you.”
 
  Sevika frowned .”You do?”
 
  “I do. Youll be steering the ship, of course, so I want your input on who youd like on hand.”
 
  Sevika smiled tightly. “Who did you have in mind?”
 
  “The thought process thus far from my staff hinges on the list of unprotected players, but from what I understand, both Wickett and Kiramman will be available.”
 
  Sevikas jaw dropped. “Youre shitting me.”
 
  “I am not. It could be a great opportunity for us.”
 
  Sevika ran her hand — her mechanical one — over her face. “The Ironfists going younger makes sense — I always thought Vi could do better than that team, and I bet shes got a lot of good hockey left. But the Lone Stars are insane to give up Kiramman.”
 
  “I think we need to decide on a direction,” Mel said, tapping her lip. “As far as philosophy goes, I think its a wonderful litmus test to see which direction youre thinking for the team. A defensive minded forward or a scoring defenseman.”
 
  Sevika frowned. “Well, both are on the market, arent they?”
 
  Mel said nothing, just smiled a sharp, dangerous smile.
 
  “Ah,” Sevika responded, and then grinned, “so I passed your test. You want both.”
 
  “Do you think you can handle both? I hear that theyre quite at odds.”
 
  “For what they both bring? I can absolutely handle both. If we have Wickett and Kiramman that solves two problems right away — who our best defender is and who do we trust the puck with in big moments. Every team has to answer those questions eventually, and wed have them both answered to start. If we fill out the rest of the roster with younger talent—”
 
  “—to make up for their declining speed and take the load off of them in the regular season, yes.” Mels eyes were sparkling. “Then, Kiramman and Wickett take on the leadership role—”
 
  “—almost 25 years of hockey between them, coming from totally different situations. Wed need a solid goalie — someone reliable, maybe a backup whos young and hungry. Wed need an enforcer, too — maybe someone with good hands to be on the ice to feed Kiramman the puck.”
 
  “Leave that all to me. Send me what your ideal roster is, and I can make it happen for you, or at least explain why it cant happen. Ill give you the squad,” Mel said, rising from her seat, “and you focus on making this season a true—”
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  August Part Two: Sumprats
 
  
    The only one who can tell you you cant win is you, and you dont have to listen.
  

  —Jessica Ennis—Hill
 
  You learned to expect the luxury, just a little, when you played 82 games a year. Private jets were a necessity, a way of getting in and out quickly to play games on the road. Fancy hotel rooms were the only way to get the rest needed for gliding around the ice with blades on your feet for 60 minutes a night, playing against the best in Runeterra for the entertainment of millions of people. Your rest and food was calculated to the calorie and minute, keeping your body in peak physical condition in order to keep thriving, keep pushing for the elusive goal of hoisting the Cup on your shoulders at the end of it all and declare yourself a champion..
 
  Caitlyn Kiramman would bet money — an entire contracts worth of money — that nobody knew the stat she held dearest. It wasnt the goals scored or assist totals or her shooting percentage — those shed always been good at and came naturally, gifts that shed honed through time and practice. What she was most proud of was the number in her Games Played column.
 
  Shed never missed a game.
 
  That had taken work, long summers of building muscle onto a frame that stubbornly tried to shed it at every opportunity, careful calorie counting and research and lectures from dieticians and personal trainers. Her body was naturally scrawny and easily damaged, injuries all throughout high school and college peppering her stat sheet. The biggest concern from scouts when shed made the jump to the RHL was if she could stay on the ice, and Caitlyn had aimed to answer those questions ferociously.
 
  She changed her diet. She worked her core, did yoga, increased her flexibility and reach, learned how to roll through hits and relax against battering, and stayed on the ice.
 
  Her durability was something that the fans and press had never really commented on, but Caitlyn couldnt care less. She wanted to play hockey — thats all shed ever wanted since she was a little girl, watching Grayson and the Piltover Lone Stars hoisting the cup when she was five, and the six times theyd hoisted it throughout her childhood. The Lone Stars were a dynasty, when shed been young — a true juggernaut in the league, a lingering threat that made the playoffs year after year and had a reputation of being tough, smart, and fast. Shed longed to wear the familiar uniform shed adored, strapped on pads as soon as shed been old enough, and was racing around public rinks in Piltover, begging people to get games together.
 
  When nobody would, shed badger Jayce, her next door neighbour, to begrudgingly don goalie equipment and let her take shots on him — over and over and over again, until the sun bled out across the sky and they played by porchlight, moths flickering around in the orange glow until Jayces mother screamed for him to come inside.
 
  By the time shed made it to college, the once great Lone Star dynasty had crumpled, several disappointing seasons having flown by in a blur. She watched them freefall in the standings as her own stock rose — scouts salivating at her size, her hands, her speed and ability to score from anywhere on the ice. Her college team won all 24 games she played, and she averaged nearly a hat—trick in them — 2.85 goals per contest. She was widely considered the hottest prospect in hockey, the new great player that would arrive on the scene and change the game forever.
 
  When she was draft eligible, the Lone Stars had the first overall pick, finishing last in the league. It took them 16 seconds to reach a decision, and she was standing on the podium donning a Lone Stars hat, grinning wide and bright for the camera, bending her six foot three frame to wrap one arm around the general manager of her childhood favourite hockey team.
 
  It had all started so well.
 
  It had all ended in a heap of smoking ruins.
  
  Vi hung her phone up first, and Caitlyn followed, her fingers quaking slightly as she stared down at the picture of a gray on black silhouette, the name 
  
    M Medarda
  
   still written across her phone screen. She pressed the phone into her collarbone, staring at the far wall of the hotel room — one of her and Vis many meeting points across every RHL city — with an expression of wonder.
 
  She was starting over, for the first time. A brand new team, a brand new city. Shed never even been to Zaun.
 
  But, she realised, turning to look at Vis back, shed be teammates with someone whod grown up there.
 
  As always, when her eyes took in Vis form, frustration washed up from her gut, hot and angry. Vi was always pigheaded, stubborn, and downright rude, but she also commanded an easy grace with people, an iron—hearted will. Vi walked into a room and commanded the respect of her teammates, the fear of her opponents, and the awe of the public.
 
  Caitlyn walked into the same room, and was written off as a stat chaser, a scaredy cat. Every time a younger player leaned close to hear Vis words of wisdom, a thousand instances of Caitlyns locker being defaced or being denied the puck for a game or shower stall pranks flashed through her brain.
 
  It wouldve made Vi laugh in her face to know how much Caitlyn envied what Vi had, Caitlyn knew.
 
  That only made the frustration stronger.
 
  “So,” Caitlyn said, clipped, as Vi let her phone fall to her waist and scratched at her hair, “were going to be teammates.”
 
  Vi nodded at the wall, still not turning around to face her. Caitlyns hands fisted in the bedsheets that she had previously been laid out upon, waiting for Vi to drive into her with her fingers. The thought, maddeningly, was enough to have Caitlyns core clench around nothing, even with the anxiety and stress weighing down her shoulders.
 
  “Seems like,” Vi said, distracted.
 
  “Your old hometown, huh?” Caitlyn continued, and fuck, she hated this. She didnt know how to talk to Vi — never really had. Vi was a stupidly hot musclebound badass and Caitlyn was all limbs and awkward conversation. Vi had seen things — lived in the world in ways that Caitlyn never could relate to.
 
  “Yep,” Vi replied, and finally turned, her gaze taking Caitlyn in slowly, methodically.
 
  “Itll be announced in two weeks,” Caitlyn said nervously, “I imagine itll be big news. Were advised to fly out now rather than wait to be mobbed — itll be easier if were already there.”
 
  “Mm,” Vi said, still slowly taking in every inch of Caitlyn, making her fidget with discomfort. “Well, we dont need to leave right away.”
 
  There was a husky note in her voice, and Caitlyn furrowed her brows. “I dont fuck teammates.”
 
  Vi raised her own brows. “What? Are you serious?”
 
  “I dont shit where I eat,” Caitlyn fired back, eyes suddenly blazing, “its a hard rule for me. No teammates. It throws off the balance—”
 
  “No, no, I understand the rule,” Vi said, running her hand through her hair. “Uh, I get the rule totally. But — weve already seen each other naked, cupcake. Like, a lot.”
 
  “I dont care,” Caitlyn replied, tersely. “Its a bad idea. Especially if were obviously going to be the veterans on the team — I think its best that we set our expectations here and now, before we get to Zaun and run into awkward situations.”
 
  Vi quirked her lips, then leaned against the wall and gestured with her hand to Caitlyn. “Okay, well, go on then.”
 
  “Right. So naturally, one of us will be captain of the team. Or, at least, heavily considered. So we should both ensure here and now that whoever gets it, there will be no hard feelings, no undermining, no showing up.”
 
  Caitlyn felt a little short of breath, ticking the rules off on her fingers as she went. Vi remained leaning against the wall, watching Caitlyn ramble, making Caitlyns lungs work harder.
 
  “Well need to set a good example. I think I can work with you — can you work with me?”
 
  Vi shrugged. “Dunno. Never had to before.”
 
  Caitlyn opened her mouth, considered, and closed it. “Thats an excellent point. Okay, well, I work best with room in front of me. Ive often found that the offense moves better if Im directing it, so thats my preferred role. Im also quite adept at—”
 
  “Im not asking for your resume, cupcake,” Vi said, chuckling, “Im just pointing out that we dont know if thisll work until we play together.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, pulling her hair over one shoulder and running her hands through it methodically, a habit shed had since she was a girl. She missed Vis eyes tracking her movements, or the way that Vi straightened against the wall slightly, shifted on her feet.
 
  “I can adjust on the fly,” Caitlyn decided. “It makes sense that youd learn by doing, anyways. You seem to be a very tactile learner.”
 
  “Mmmmhm,” Vi drawled out, and Caitlyn finally met her eyes and started. They were nearly black, tracing Caitlyns throat, her collarbones. In her haste to address the teammates in the room, shed forgotten how little she was wearing — and how wet shed been when theyd both received those phone calls.
 
  Caitlyn opened her mouth to chastise, to get Vi back on topic, just as Vi slowly lifted her index and middle fingers upwards to her nose, inhaled long and slow. A gesture that made Caitlyn bite her lip, shift on the bed, thighs parting slightly.
 
  Vis tongue snaked out to lick up her index finger, and Caitlyn watched it move, watched the saliva left behind along that thick digit that filled her just right, knew where to press and hold and work inside her. Caitlyn opened her mouth, shook her head slightly to clear the cobwebs of lust that strung inside her brain, went to tell Vi to get back on track, hash this all out before they were swept away with moving and meeting teammates and talking to press.
 
  “Were not teammates until October,” came out instead.
 
  Vi blinked, and slowly grinned. “Yeah?”
 
  “Yeah. First game of the season. You dont truly become teammates until the season starts.”
 
  Vis grin turned sharp as she pushed off of the wall, Caitlyn rising on her knees to shuffle closer, hands dangling loose at her sides.
 
  “But what about synergy?” Vi teased, closing the distance between them until she was cupping Caitlyns waist with her large hands, fingertips tracing the lace of Caitlyns panties. “We still havent learned a lot about each others, um. On—ice tendencies.”
 
  “Weve been playing against one another for a decade,” Caitlyn responded primly, reaching up to nip at Vis earlobe with her teeth, her own arms circling Vis neck. “Im sure we can come up to a few conclusions.”
 
  “Mhm,” Vi responded, and gasped as Caitlyns tongue traced the shell of her ear, teeth following the line. Theyd done this so many times that Caitlyn could predict Vis reactions as soon as she did anything — tugging a strand and watching the spiderweb bounce. Her hands threaded into Vis hair as she tugged it downwards until Vi was looking at her, a clash and mixing of blue on blue.
 
  “I guess,” Caitlyn said huskily, “youd better fuck me good enough for the year.”
 
  Vi grunted, hands moving from Caitlyns hips to her ass, each hands full of panty—clad cheeks. 
 
  “I guess Id better,” Vi said on an exhale.
 
  They didnt kiss — they never kissed, something that Caitlyn had keyed into early. Every time shed tried, Vi would duck her head or direct her elsewhere — there was plenty of skin that Caitlyn found deserving of her attention, and found that she was easily distracted where Vis flesh was concerned. 
 
  Instead of kissing, they found other ways to discover intimacy, pressing bodies together hungrily, hands wandering, fingertips pushing at Vis clothes until she was shirtless and bare above Caitlyn, Caitlyns fingers exploring the dips of her collarbones, the beginning of her throat, running her nails along the clear and thick lines of her tattoos. Vi in turn pushed her hands beneath Caitlyns hips, lifting her and dropping her further up the bed, spreading her out until Vi lay jean—clad between Caitlyns bare legs.
 
  “Ill miss this,” Vi groaned out, pressing her lips to Caitlyns throat as Caitlyn worked at Vis jeans, opening her up and shoving them down her legs to get better access. Caitlyn didnt want to respond to that loaded statement, focused instead on the way Vi felt beneath her hands.
 
  Theyd fuck it out, like they always did, work frustration of their own situations out, exact their pound of flesh with each other as their ledger. Then, when they were spent, theyd separate and go their own way. Like always.
 
  Despite how theyd started, Vi ended up naked first, and nothing was preventing Caitlyn from wandering down her front, pressing her hands past the coarse pink hair that led directly to Vis wet core, opening it beneath her fingers as Vi caged Caitlyn in with her limbs — knees beside Caitlyns hips, elbows on either side of Caitlyns shoulders. She lay there, coiled tight around the taller woman as Caitlyns fingers wandered, dipping into Vis entrance to gather moisture and dragging it up to her clit, over and over and over as Vi whined into Caitlyns neck, letting out a short grunt, shivering slightly with the pressure.
 
  “Thought you wanted me to fuck you good,” Vi panted out, wet and heavy into Caitlyns ear. Caitlyn smiled slowly, teasingly, and began to work her slender fingers deep, Vi clenching down around her as she stroked Vis clit and pressed up to her second knuckle.
 
  “I did,” Caitlyn rasped out, biting down on Vis ear, “I do. But first…”
 
  She pressed upwards and felt Vi begin to rock down on her, pushing her deeper and deeper. Caitlyn crooked her fingers to hit 
  
    that
  
   spot, the spot that always made Vi tremble and press close, changing the timber of her gasps, making them higher and weaker. Caitlyns thumb moved faster, her other hand coming up to thread into Vis hair, working into her in fast, shallow strokes as she tilted her lips to Vis ear.
 
  “Come apart, baby. Ride those fucking fingers, let me hear you.”
 
  Vi groaned, low and loud into Caitlyns neck, her arm coming around Caitlyn to press their faces together, holding tight.
 
  “You feel so fucking wet for me. Ride me, fuck down on them, let me hear you—”
 
  “Fuck, Cupcake,” Vi groaned out, hands sliding down to grip Caitlyns breasts, squeezing so hard that Caitlyn felt the edges of bruises begin to form. Caitlyn gasped out, writhed upwards, jerked her fingers in time with yanking on Vis hair, pulling her head back as Vi shivered, bucked, exploded, gripping Caitlyns tits in an iron grip.
 
  Vi remained taut for a moment, a bowstring pulled all the way back, before her eyes fluttered open and she tugged her head forwards, signalling Caitlyn to release her grip. When Caitlyn did, Vi shifted downwards, letting Caitlyns fingers trail out of her pussy as she slowly let her hands trail down Caitlyns waist. Caitlyn watched through slitted eyes as Vi gripped at Caitlyns panties, both her hands on one side, and pulled them tight against her hip.
 
  “Wickett,” Caitlyn said, dangerously, breathlessly, as Vi slowly grinned, showing off the gap where three of her teeth had been knocked out. An errant slapshot, Caitlyn knew — shed watched it live, heart in her throat, alone in a hotel room after her own playoff game had concluded.
 
  Vi bent low so Caitlyn felt her breath on her thigh, and with a quick clack of teeth, she felt her underwear loosen, the fabric peeling away from where she was already soaked through. Vis breath transferred to her sensitive, soaked skin, her hands curving to cup her ass, lifting her slightly.
 
  “Wrap your legs around me,” Vi husked out, and Caitlyn did, her underwear still on her left leg, dangling like a wispy, X—rated flag. Vis huge hands allowed her to hold her up and also spread her slightly, Caitlyn seeing Vis eyes go dark and hungry, seeing her mouth move closer and closer to where she needed it most. 
 
  “Dont move, Kiramman,” Vi said, dangerously, and slowly, surely, torturously, her tongue pressed against Caitlyns bare folds.
 
  It was a ramp up, a methodical attack that Vi hadnt started their liaisons with. It was taught over months and years of these little meetups to let off whatever steam had built up. Vis tongue was surgical now, knowing where all of Caitlyns vulnerable spots were and pushing the attack, driving her slowly insane with confidence. She sucked at Caitlyns clit until the skin pressed against the roof of her mouth, worked her tongue inside Caitlyn with long, hot licks that left her shivering, clenching, hips trying to buck but without the leverage to do so, Vis hands supporting her.
 
  Caitlyn let out a high, keening wail as Vi worked her with lips and tongues, teased her, made her toes curl in her own slitted vision as she bit down on a knuckle in a desperate bid to keep herself quiet, and she broke apart with Vis tongue sheathed inside her, curled into just the right spot, quivering lightly with the effort. Caitlyn felt herself gush around Vi, her hands darting downwards to clutch at Vis hair and ears, desperate grasps to find purchase, something — anything to hold onto.
 
  When she collapsed back into the bed, Vi tugged her own hands free, wiped the back of her hand across her mouth, and rose to get dressed.
 
  Caitlyn watched her, lightly panting, and pushed herself up on her elbows. Vi was already in her pants, and was tugging on her sports bra at the same time she was holding her shirt, dressing with speed and carelessness.
 
  “Wait,” Caitlyn began, hesitating, “I thought wed—”
 
  Vi paused in pulling her shirt over her head, popping her head through the neck hole like a quizzical turtle. “What?”
 
  “I have the room all day,” Caitlyn said, shyly.
 
  Vi shrugged, reached down to snag her shoes and sit on the armchair in the motel room corner, tugging on her balled up socks. “I figure we need to get going sooner or later. I need to make some calls, get things prepared.”
 
  Caitlyns stomach dropped. She knew that this hadnt meant anything — this weird thing that kept happening between them, but shed thought— shed hoped—
 
  “But I can still pay for my half. It came in handy,” Vi said, flashing a grin as her hi—tops were snug on her feet. “Great last fuck. You were awesome. I gotta roll.”
 
  “Oh,” Caitlyn said, then nodded, “yeah, sure. I guess— I guess Ill see you?”
 
  “Sure will,” Vi said easily, heading towards the door.
 
  The door closed with a quiet click that rang in Caitlyns ears, and she stared after it, looked down at her torn panties, the mess on the sheets they both had made.
 
  “Sure will,” she said to herself, ashamed, annoyed, and rose from the bed.
  
  Vi would probably say they had first taken note of one another on the ice, but truthfully, Caitlyn had seen Vi a little bit earlier — just before their first game. She had been sitting alone at an Ionian bar, leaning against a wall in the back corner to hide her height as best she could, sipping at mediocre beer. Her clothes had still itched mildly from the powder that her teammates had dumped into her gym bag — classic rookie hazing that she never responded to — and the feeling drove her to just be alone for a while, among people who wouldnt recognize her as the next Great Player. Piltover fans were amazing, but there came tones of expectation when they spoke to her, got her to sign their jerseys and make assurances that she had no real power to see through.
 
  Piltover fans werent used to losing, and they wanted her to tell her the losing was over.
 
  But in Ionia, nobody gave a shit who she was. She was just some hockey player that played for a rival if she was noticed at all, and that suited her fine — more than fine.
 
  She clocked Vi as soon as Vi had entered the premises, laughing uproariously with two other well—built women who jostled her between them. She was wearing a gigantic purple wizard hat, flowing purple robes that were a size too small, riding up on her torso so her chiselled abs were on display, a thin scar curling below her shiny purple pants.
 
  The two women nudged her to the bar, and Vi adjusted her wizard hat, cleared her throat, and in an over—the—top Void accent droned, “your FINEST orange juice and Jaeger, barkeep.”
 
  The bartender rolled their eyes as they pulled a glass out. “You guys gonna do this to every rookie?”
 
  “Cant miss with tradition, cap,” said one of the muscley women, and Vi tapped her fingers impatiently against the countertop, grinning widely, “shes already been to the Rusty Bucket and the Purple Flight.”
 
  The barkeep let out a low whistle, reaching below the bartop for a large carton of extra pulp orange juice, popped the seal, and poured a thick mixture into the glass. He then topped it up with two bottles of Jaeger, turning the liquid instantly brown and unappealing. Caitlyn felt her stomach churn at the sight.
 
  The two women stepped away from Vi, grinning as Vi inhaled through her teeth, rolled her neck, and grabbed the glass and slammed it back. Her throat bobbed as the liquid rapidly vanished from the glass, her lack of hesitation making the two women burst out laughing. Their laughing turned to screams of mirth when Vi began licking at the glass, sucking up the little pieces of pulp left behind.
 
  “Gross,” laughed the barkeep, as Vi set the glass down, smacked her lips, and grinned.
 
  “Best one yet,” Vi said, and sent the two women into fits again.
 
  Caitlyn pictured the way her teammates closed the box door early on her in practice so shed stumble into it, the way theyd take her clothes in the shower, and watched the two teammates good naturedly rib Vi as she kept having to adjust her wizard hat.
 
  She felt like she was observing a unicorn, something so incomprehensible and different to herself.
 
  Caitlyn sipped her beer, and felt intensely alone.
  
  It wouldve been smart to head back to Piltover immediately from Ionia just to wrap up a few things, make sure her condo was sold off in good order and swing by the Arena to make sure all her things were packed away. But Caitlyn was stopped by two things; firstly, that she doubted anything in the arena was important enough to her to risk going back and running into old teammates, and secondly, she was so eager to start a new chapter of her life that dragging herself back there felt tortuous, insurmountable.
 
  Instead, she called her father, arranged for him to send her what she hadnt already packed as soon as she knew where she was staying.
 
  Then, she jumped on the next plane to Zaun.
 
  Her travel the past twelve years had been relegated to RHL cities on road games — when you spent 9 months of the year on planes and in airports and sleeping in hotels in strange places, it took the joy and allure out of vacationing abroad. As a result, there was much of Runeterra that shed never laid eyes upon. Her first class seat was comfortable and she had enough space to fully stretch out as she learned as much as she could about the city from google searches.
 
  Zaun was a city of just under a million people, never had an official sports team before the Sumprats, and were considered on the lower end of the income bracket for most Runeterra cities. The population were mostly miners and builders, the main industries and exports being raw materials and gases that were vented from deep beneath the earth and sold in pharmaceutical endeavours. They also had a dim view of Piltover, the two cities often having a snorting, derisive view of each other.
 
  That little fact made Caitlyn like the idea of being a Sumprat just a bit more, even if it were likely temporary.
 
  She had to hand it to Mel Medarda — getting both herself and Vi on the same team meant a lot for financial stability. They were both expensive, on huge contracts that would carry over from their old teams, but they were each on the last year of their contract. Meaning that even if this didnt work, Medarda and Sevika only had to wait a year before Vi and Caitlyn were free agents, and they could start fresh, find two new skaters to replace them in free agency or draft rookies.
 
  It was virtually a risk free decision, so long as Medarda was fine with it potentially going nuclear. Even then, it was for one season — damage that could be mitigated.
 
  Caitlyn had thought about it over and over, and what it came down to was the captaincy. Vi was the best candidate to lead the team, having been a captain for 8 years in Ionia, but Caitlyn wasnt sure that she could stand taking orders from the pigheaded idiot. Vis way was probably shape up or ship out, grind or die type nonsense, zero finesse involved. Vi often preached about how defense was better than offense and shutting your opponent down was the best way to win.
 
  With respect to that point of view, Caitlyn mused, winning a game meant scoring more than the other team by definition. Defense would only get them so far.
 
  The flight blew by in a haze of reading city council minutes and Runeterras rolling hills masked by white and fluffy cloud cover that gave way to a sickened green smog that clung to rusty looking skyscrapers, fingers scraping against a sky tinged with the oncoming sunset.
 
  Caitlyn landed, grabbed her luggage, and found a man standing awkwardly, the name 
  
    Kiramman
  
   written on a placard. He led her to a town car and took her bags, waiting until she was settled in the back seat before shutting her door and leaning down.
 
  “Got one more pickup and we can leave,” he said, and ducked away to shuffle another placard in front of hers. Probably another potential Sumprat. Not for the first time, Caitlyn felt a shimmer of annoyance at the list of her new teammates not being public. Itd help if she knew who they were, read up on them some, try to avoid being the awkward loner in the locker room again.
 
  Caitlyn settled back against the seats, taking in the sights of Zaun from the ground. Cracked pavement, the bones of industry, skyscrapers half built and abandoned, exposed pipes weaving their way across the sidewalks. It was so different from Piltover — no bronze and silver trim, no spiralling mechanical trolleys taking people to and from the busy districts, no fancy cars in fancy lots, sporting the latest self—charging contraptions.
 
  Caitlyn felt the other door open, and wished she could feel surprise when Vis face greeted her, looking slack jawed, flushed from moving through the crowded airport. She was wearing a cutoff sweatshirt and bike shorts as a way to combat the heat, showing off her tattoos and muscles — a sharp contrast to Caitlyns slacks and collared shirt.
 
  “Oh,” Vi said quietly, and Caitlyn huffed, flicking her hair off of her neck to stare back out of her own window, “hi.”
 
  Caitlyn remained silent, watching the streets as the driver pulled away from the curb and joined the evening traffic.
 
  “What are the odds, huh?” Vi said, shifting her bag to her lap to rummage, her tone disinterested. Caitlyn felt a flash of frustration shoot through her.
 
  “When did your flight take off—”
 
  “I assume you have the same meetings with Medarda as I do,” Caitlyn volleyed back, “what do you intend to say?”
 
  Vi stared at her, slack jawed, incredulous, and her facial features darkened. “Hi, Vi, how was your flight?” she said, in a mocking Piltover accent.
 
  “Dont be a child. What do you intend to say?”
 
  “Im not a child to expect 
  
    some
  
   courtesy. And I dont know what I intend to say. I guess it depends on what she says to me.”
 
  “Typical,” Caitlyn huffed, then, “do you ever have a plan?”
 
  “Everyone has a plan until they get decked. I like to play it fast and loose.”
 
  “I know — Ive seen you play.”
 
  Vis brows lowered. “Watch it, Cu—Kiramman.”
 
  “No plan is how we beat you every time. We had you figured — box her in, take away her options, and Vi Wickett crumbles. It would do you well to have 
  
    some
  
   idea of what youre doing before you do it.”
 
  “Oh yeah? How well has planning served you? Last I checked we had the same number of cups, princess.”
 
  Caitlyn sneered. “Is that supposed to be a dig? You did slightly better than me but still lost all the time?”
 
  “Youve always had a better team,” Vi grunted.
 
  “Whatever you need to tell yourself,” Caitlyn said primly, and looked back out the window at the cracked pavement, “how long until we get there?”
 
  “How should I know? Ive never been to the new—”
 
  “Not 
  
    you
  
  ,” Caitlyn snapped, then leaned towards the driver, “how long until we get there?”
 
  “Its about a half hour, this time of night,” the driver replied.
 
  “Grand,” Caitlyn huffed, and sat back against the seat. She felt Vis gaze boring into her, but didnt give her the satisfaction of looking over, meeting her eyes.
 
  “Its a good city,” Vi said, tersely, “better than you think of it.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned at the glass, watching crumbling building after crumbling building whiz by. It was a weird thing to say — she didnt think little of Zaun. In fact, she was excited by the idea of Zaun — a place which was practically buzzing with excitement to have a team of their own. On the plane ride shed seen locals make hexter post after hexter post about how season tickets were already purchased and applauding the decision to making the seats affordable and varied. The stadium wasnt state of the art, but had been built in the last five years in anticipation for the Sumprats formation — a five year campaign for the RHL to finally put a team in one of Runeterras least financially viable locations.
 
  It felt like exactly the change of pace shed needed from the Lone Stars, from Piltover. A place Mother would never visit.
 
  “I believe you,” Caitlyn said, distractedly. They passed a rusted out car on cinderblocks, and Caitlyn turned to face forwards, watching the city advance around them. Vi had gone tense and quiet, gripping her shorts with her fingers, and Caitlyn didnt dare look up to see her face, didnt want to see it or hear it from her.
 
  The remaining 28 minutes in the car was torture.
  
  When Caitlyn had found out that the Lone Stars werent protecting her in the expansion draft, shed known what it had meant. Amara — her agent since shed been a rookie, at Mothers insistence — had tried to downplay it and coddle her, saying it didnt really mean what she thought it meant.
 
  “It just means that your contract isnt palatable and theyre trying to do right by you.”
 
  “Then why not trade me?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  “You wouldnt wind up on a good situation — not like the Sumprats will have. I hear theyve got a real—”
 
  “We dont even know what their roster is going to be,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “Well, sure, but it has every indication of—”
 
  “Nobody in that organisation is talking. All we know about them is how little theyre feeding to the press. What do you know that hundreds of sports reporters dont?”
 
  Amara clammed up, exhaling lightly, and giving Caitlyn The Look — like she was being a petulant child at 32.
 
  “Now, Caitlyn,” Amara began.
 
  “Youre fired,” Caitlyn said sharply.
 
  “What?”
 
  “Youre sitting here pretending that you know what goes on in Mel Medardas head or Sevikas head, but youre also going to sit here and explain to me how it makes sense that an organisation that called me its franchise player for almost 12 years is basically cutting me, and further, that its to my benefit.”
 
  “Im not just — it 
  
    is
  
   to our benefit, Caitlyn.”
 
  “I want an agent that would kick down the Lone Stars door,” Caitlyn said, rising to her full six—foot three frame, towering over Amara as she leaned down, palms on Amaras desk, “as soon as they found out I was being hung out to dry. I want an agent that would demand a trade, give me 
  
    some
  
   control over where I spent the rest of my season, instead of being automatically shipped off to Zaun. Wicketts agent—”
 
  “Why does it always come down to Wickett?” Amara snapped. “You two, bickering like children. It really wasnt becoming of someone—”
 
  “
  
    Wicketts agent
  
  ,” Caitlyn continued, “left a four hundred decibel voicemail for Bryan Foster when she found out Wickett wasnt being protected. Foster avoids her calls because shes demanding, fights for her client, is all the things youve never done for me.”
 
  Amara huffed a breath out, nervously fidgeted with a pen produced from her shirt pocket. “Your mother—”
 
  “—doesnt know what happened last season,” Caitlyn said, voice quiet. “It would be a shame to have to tell her what youve done.”
 
  Caitlyn let the threat hang, watched Amara sink lower in her chair.
 
  “Goodbye, Amara,” Caitlyn said, pushing off from the desk, “I wish I could say it was fun.”
  
  The Last Drop stadium was just outside the city limits, a dome shaped beacon of buzzing activity. The building was relatively new in relation to the rest of the city, and despite the litter and lack of care its citizens tended to work with throughout Zauns streets, The Last Drop was nearly spotless. The people of Zaun 
  
    cared
  
   about their arena, and it showed.
 
  The logo of the Sumprats — an angry rat with an eyepatch in black and red that snarled out at onlookers — hung from a pristine looking banner just over the elegant entryway. Three blank banners hung on either side of it, ready to be filled out with a promotional photo and a name — usually reserved for the fan favourites, the crowd drawers, the jersey sellers.
 
  Sitting in the car next to a well loved player who was born in this city, Caitlyn wouldnt have to be a gambling woman to bet whod grace those banners when the season started.
 
  The town car pulled up to the stadium, and Vi and Caitlyn both independently sprang out of it, not waiting for the driver to come around and open their doors, eager to be apart. This was immediately foiled when they both had to wait at the trunk for the driver to pop it and relinquish their bags, but before long they had duffels slung over their shoulder — an old and weathered Adidas bag for Vi, a shiny and new Piltover Lone Stars duffel for Caitlyn — and were heading into the Last Drop, Vi marching in the lead, Caitlyn following shortly behind.
 
  Caitlyns gaze wandered around her surroundings, taking in the luxurious trees flanking the buildings entrance, the amazingly detailed piping that ran decoratively throughout the building as a nod to the citys past and livelihood, the statue by a local artist that was prominently displayed in its foyer. She was so enraptured with taking in the scenery that she didnt see Vi halting until she nearly ploughed into her back, stopping to glare at her just as she was greeted with an odd sound.
 
  Applause.
 
  There were sixty or so employees of the stadium, flanked on either side of Sevika and Mel Medarda themselves. They were clapping thunderously, excitement shining in their eyes, the familiar awe of fans seeing their idols made flesh.
 
  Vi smiled softly, waved, let out a little laugh, comfortable in her role.
 
  Caitlyn stepped back, comfortable in hers, and let Vi have her moment.
 
  “Thank you both,” Mel Medarda spoke, as the applause began to die out, “for coming on such short notice. I also should thank your former teams for making you available to the Sumprats. We fully intend to show them what a mistake theyve made.”
 
  Sevika grunted, arms folded as she chewed on a piece of gum. Caitlyn remained just behind Vi, trying to shrink. Vi shot her a questioning look, jerked her head for Caitlyn to stand beside her, but Caitlyn pretended not to see or understand. She certainly wasnt going to stand in the way of a hometown heros homecoming.
 
  “Now, I apologise for this, but weve got so much to do before the season starts, and not a lot of time to accomplish it. We want to keep both of you in the loop as to our organisations goals, and Im sure you have questions for us.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned at that. “You do?”
 
  “Of course we do,” Mel said, spreading her arms, “you two are the keystones of the next season, pivotal pieces of what were trying to do. I need you both armed with as much knowledge as I can offer.”
 
  “Not used to front office folks keeping the squad informed,” Vi intoned.
 
  Mel smiled. “Ah. Yes, well. Im new to this. Im a style nobodys seen before. Will that be an issue?”
 
  Vi shrugged. “Not for me.”
 
  Caitlyn shook her head.
 
  “Great. Follow me, if youd please. Leave your bags here for now, take whatever you need with you. Theyll be brought to your hotel rooms.”
 
  Caitlyn let her duffel hit the floor as two staff members rushed forwards, the huskier one muscling the bag onto her shoulder while the second one — a scrawny cat hybrid with mismatched eyes — paused in front of Caitlyn, clearing her throat.
 
  “Um, Miss Kiramman?”
 
  Caitlyn paused mid—step, about to follow Vi, Mel, and Sevika.
 
  “I — well, my friend—”
 
  “Wearesuchhugefans,” the taller blonde one gushed out, grinning, bright blue eyes sparkling.
 
  “We are — youre my idol. My foster family is going to 
  
    freak
  
   when he hears youre a Sumprat.”
 
  “We freaked when we heard you were coming. Youre just so 
  
    cool
  
   on the ice — can — is it okay if we get an autograph?”
 
  Caitlyn paused, fumbling in her pocket for a pen, only for the cat hybrid to produce one, and a hockey card — pristine in the sleeve, preserved and well handled. She pushed either side of the sleeve to poke the hockey card out — Caitlyn much younger, winding up to take a slapshot, eyes narrowed and locked into the distance.
 
  Caitlyn signed it with a lightly shaking hand, mumbled 
  
    thanks for your support
  
  , and gave each of them a quick nod as they held the card between them and squealed.
 
  She hurried after the rapidly disappearing Vi, head spinning.
  
  The four of them sat in comfortable, plush seats, arranged around a small circular table. There were thirty other plush chairs arranged in the room, facing one way — with a podium, a projector screen, and a television set stationed at the front of the room. This room would be where the team would watch film and get instructions from the coaching staff — intelligence on upcoming opponents, strategy on what to deploy, and general breakdowns on what had gone wrong in previous games.
 
  With just them four, the room felt ghostly quiet.
 
  It was coloured to match the team theme — red and black, with logos of that same angry rat peppered throughout the space. It was unused, almost holy. Caitlyns fingers twitched when she sat down, likely the first player to sit where shes sitting now.
 
  The weight of that sat on her shoulders surprisingly comfortably — the knowledge that shed be the first to many things for this franchise.
 
  “So,” Sevika said, voice gruff, and Caitlyn took a moment to drink her in. She was a living legend — well known in the hockey community as one of the toughest to ever lace them up. Sevika may not have one a cup, but she had commanded the league when she was an active player, metal arm or no. The few times Caitlyn had gone up against her had been some of the worst games of her career, Sevikas angry grimace tracking her around the rink, seeming to take every shot Caitlyn took on goal personally.
 
  Now, she was being coached by her.
 
  “I want to start with something that youve both probably wondered since you got the news, and its part of why I wanted you down here early, and why Mel agreed. Youre both decade—plus veterans, youve both been in huge games, and youve both risen to those occasions incredibly well. I wanted you two because what I value most in a team is people I can count on in big spots — I want my team to know that if the moment catches up to them, and when nerves start affecting you, they can look to someone. In this case, two people.”
 
  Sevika nodded at them in turn. Caitlyn was nodding, and Vi was slowly sipping from a glass of water, eyebrow cocked. Mel sat with one leg crossed in her gold dress, typing something on her phone, giving the appearance of someone who wasnt paying attention. Caitlyn didnt buy it — her eyebrows were moving slightly as Sevika spoke.
 
  “But I need to know you guys wont be a problem working together,” Sevika continued, leaning close to the table, drumming her metal fingers into it. “Ive heard the reports, Ive watched the tape — Ive never seen so many skirmishes between two players in my entire career. All of that shit stops, and stops now. I dont care what you have to do — argue it out on your own time. But I wont have any of that little kid bullshit on my rink, in my locker room, in my film room. You guys are a unit now, and youll act like it.”
 
  “Fine by me,” Vi said, dully.
 
  Caitlyn nodded. “Agreed.”
 
  “And to make sure this happens, Im going to settle the matter of captaincy right now.”
 
  Caitlyn held back a sigh. Vi, in many ways, was a smaller Sevika as a player. They were both defensively minded forwards, both considered excellent at breaking down an offense and predicting passes and dismantling plays with their stick and their body. There wasnt a single doubt in Caitlyns mind who Sevika would hand the C to.
 
  “Congratulations, Wickett,” Sevika said, and Caitlyn barely suppressed an eyeroll. Vi nodded.
 
  “Congratulations, Kiramman,” Sevika continued, and Caitlyns eyes widened — Vis head froze on a downward bend, eyes shooting to Sevikas as Sevika grinned, and Mels smile stretched too.
 
  “You two,” Sevika began, “are the first ever co—captains of the RHL.”
 
  Caitlyn slowly turned to look at Vi, found Vi staring back at her.
 
  Fuck. 




  
   Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column 

  
  
Okay, so heres the thing. I know that these so—called experts in Hockey have fancy degrees and beautiful shiny parents that put them in positions where they can succeed, okay? I know that on paper they know way more than you or me or any of us about what a team needs to succeed in this thing. But Ive watched Hockey for over 45 years, and my family has been following the sport for almost twice that long, and Ive never seen more evidence that the people who run these Hockey clubs have  no idea what theyre doing than the Zaun Sumprats expansion draft. Firstly, they took 87 year old Graves as their goaltender when they had young and fresh talent all over the board. Like, yeah, Graves has seen some success between the pipes on the Knights — hell, for a second there he was considered the best goaltender on the ice, way back in the fucking Triassic period. Graves has had nothing but injuries, hip surgery after hip surgery because hes  fucking   old .  And I know what youre going to say! “But Ted, thats why they got Ekko! Ekko is a fresh faced netminder, who has good reviews, and Graves is probably there just to guide a young mind!” Ekkos too  small  . You cant be expected to keep the puck out of the ned when you look like a drowned cat — and even if you could, he doesnt have the body mass to sustain heavy punishment. Does Mel Medarda  know    that shes in the same conference as the Lone Stars? The Shadow Isles Assassins? The Noxus War Horses? Teams whos sole strategy is — you know — to  pepper the net with slapshots ? But dont worry — when the kid lets in six goals in the first period, you at least can open up Graves fucking coffin to toss his glass bones in the net. But oh — oh, lets talk about their forwards for a second. The Void Stars puked up Thresh, which the Sumprats were all too eager to take. Thresh is actually not at all a bad pick — hes a little slow, but hes a playmaking machine and hes proven a reliable hitter — which theyll need desperately, considering who they picked up on defence — and I like it with several caveats — mostly that if they line him up with certain  other  defensive forwards then hes going to be a major problem. But Ashe Arrow? Ashe Arrow. Seriously. Someone just appears to be looking at point totals and drafting, because holy shit is Ashe Princess Arrow a fucking mistake. Shes the only 50 goals a year scorer that has floated from team to team aimlessly — last seen on the Frejlord Wanderers — because every single team that has taken her has learned that shes completely nuts. She cant win a faceoff to save her life, has meat for brains when it comes to defending the goal, and despite how she can put the puck in up close, shes too small to be a centre. This whole team is full of pipsqueaks, and nothing says Zaun like being way too small to do anything worthwhile. Relax, folks. I can say it — I was born and raised here. Mylo Sturn is also a bad, bad pick. The Shurima Artifacts drafted him last year and hes floundered hard — they even sent him down to their farm team to bake a little more because folks he is  not  finished. He played 16 RHL games and scored a whopping 2 points — both assists — in that timeframe. Coming out of college he was supposed to be the next big thing but I think the moments too big for him. Also, hes — say it with me —  too fucking small . Darius isnt a bad selection, and frankly I was pissed as an ex—Axolotls fan that he was left unprotected, and hes by far the most competent centre on this roster. Solid B— there, Mel Medarda. But he also comes with Riven — his longtime line partner — who cant shoot for shit from beyond the slot. This one for me comes down to line combinations — I can see a few combos that would make this a competent lineup, but Rivens weak shot strength and Darius lack of offensive bag means that theyre probably aiming for a good defensive lineup here. Speaking of Defence, I cannot believe Claggor Stoic has once again punked a team into taking him. He cant skate backwards, he has stone fucking hands, hes slow, hes got these bigass goggles that means he cant see any open skaters for the pass and also cant clog the passing lanes, and hes big but his hockey IQ is super, super lacking (for the folks at home, that means hes  dumb  ). As a goon hes just fine, but this roster needs  serious  help at every position and taking up a precious D—man slot with an enforcer means that youre going to be giving up a lot on that end of the ice. But the next two selections are unquestionably A+ picks — they managed to finagle a deal with the Targon Wild Cats to get Leona  and Diana in exchange for their draft pick. The couple made headlines in Targon when they came out as dating in the middle of last season — and fuck, if the team was any good, that wouldve mattered — but theyre both bona fide legends in their own rights, with Diana a solid 2nd line goal scorer and Leona a stout defender. Those pickups were actual genius, big—brain level moves from Mel Medarda. For a moment I thought to myself, oh my — do we actually have a good, competent GM here? Nope! Because her next pick was Poppy. Like — okay. So with respect to the Yordles as a species — no hate whatsoever — how exactly can one win with a Yordle centre? I know that Poppy is built like a brick shit house and that shes a phenomenal checker for someone her size, but I feel like someone that low to the ice is going to have their shot blocked all over the shop. Shes got some value as a penalty killer, I guess, and shes so low to the ground that shes hard to hit, but shes a  yordle  — how effective can she be on the offensive end of the ice? The Yordle experiment died in Freljord when the Wanderers gave her four years to prove herself and then told her to hit the road. Illaoi is a decent enough grab off of a Bilgewater Schooners club that — frankly — hasnt had a clue what the fuck theyre doing in  years . They want to go smaller on the defensive end so that they can have five forwards and keep doing their chaotic freewheeling lightning attack bullshit which means that theyre hoping to win games 13—12. Gangplanks lost his mind with that fucking squad — I dont know how you keep a coach that clearly insane on the payroll for so long with him tanking your teams playoff chances every fucking season. Anyways, getting Illaoi off of the Schooners is a good grab because the teams moving on from her style of play — shes an effective defensive pairing with basically anyone, and since this line desperately needs checking, shes going to be the woman to watch to step up in neutral ice. Their last grab of the day was Ahri as a forward, which makes a lot of sense,  because Ahri was unprotected due to injury and may as well roll the dice with her, there. The War Horses went all the way to the finals after beating the Lone Stars and the Red Pandas last year, so it only makes sense that theyd grab a forward with playoff experience— Oh, one second. Any trainer in the world is calling me with some great information that only any trainer in the world would know. Yes, hello? Whats that? Ahri is injured with a back injury that was on national fucking television, and is out for the season? Oh, and theres no guarantee that shell ever play up to Cup Finals potential ever again? Oh, thanks, any trainer in the world. What a fucking shit show. But I know that you all at this point are wondering:  wheres Wickett and Kiramman? Thats the only reason I clicked on this shitty column in the first place, to hear Ted bitch about this shitfuck of a pickup and scream about how fucked up it is. Steady Teddy, let us know whats up with these garbage pickups?  Heres the thing. I… Okay, I dont hate it. DONT CLICK AWAY. Lets look at this logically. If they can set aside the beef —  and thats a massive if   — then youre looking at one of the most clutch goal scorers joining forces with one of the most high motor defensive players at her position. No, Im not talking about right now or the last five years — Im talking  historically  . The eye test proves it — Wickett is a dominant fucking force in her own end, making sure nobody has an easy pass or an easy shot and can send you packing if you so much as hesitate for a moment. Kiramman, meanwhile, is  terrifying  with the puck in the closing two minutes of a game — ask any Ironfists fan, and theyll get a far away, PTSD look in their eyes — I have Ironfist fan friends in my life that  still  talk about the sound the post made when Kiramman sent them home in last years game seven, and will be talking about it for the rest of their life. But fine, fuck. This is the era of hard numbers winning hockey games. You dont wanna hear me waxing fucking poetic about these two phenoms. You want stats. No worries, motherfuckers. Ive got stats. When Wicketts on the ice, her opponents goal average drops by an  entire  0.9. Every second shes on the ice shes robbing you of a goal. Remember that War Horses series? Wickett single handedly shut the fucking door on them time in and out. When Kirammans on the ice in the closing minutes of a game, her goals on shot percentage jumps from 15% — already a high mark in a league that averages around 10% — to 49.8%. That means every other time Kiramman takes a shot on the goal it goes in. Incredible fucking shit. So, bluntly, anyone who says that these are bad picks is a fucking moron. Revoke their RHL commentary licence. Take away their TV. In a vacuum these are two Godsends because two franchises are shitting down their pant legs by giving these two up. Its only because they were picked together that people seem to have an issue. But guess who else is on this team, fuckfaces? Bitchface herself, Sevika. As in, the Sevika who punched her own teammate for saying some fucked up homophobic shit. As in, the Sevika who criticised her own owners for not having winning on the mind. As in, the Sevika who led the Bangles to 18 years of competitive hockey when they gave her a bag of pucks and two half—good players to play with. For 18 years. If any fucking person on this planet was built in a lab to make Wickett and Kiramman get along, its this coach. If she cant do it, hey, fuck it, come tell me how wrong I am. Ill take that L right away. Anyways, heres the lineups as I can mock them up. Forwards: LW Violet WickettC ThreshRW Ashe ArrowLW Mylo SturnC DariusRW RivenLW Diana KampfC Poppy Tieth Defensemen: (commissioner please change the name of this fucking position three quarters of these players identify as women this is getting dumb)D Caitlyn KirammanD Leona KampfD Claggor StoicD Illaoi Goaltenders: G GravesG Ekko Final Score: C+(I like the Kiramman, Wicket, Darius, Thresh picks enough that theyll win some games, but this team will need a miracle to have a true—
  
  

  Run at the Cup.

  
  

  August Part Three: Teammates
 
   “If you are afraid of failure, you dont deserve to be successful.” 
 — Charles Barkely
  
  
  
Vi was waiting against the wall next to the film room door, her knee bouncing lightly as her foot rested against it, fingers twitching and body itching all over. The words  co—captains  kept floating around in her brain, struggling to find purchase with things grounded in  reality  and  common sense . Her opinion of Sevika as a coach had been conflated with her opinion of the woman as a leader and a player — having played against her a few times in her last couple years as a testimony to an older hockey generation, the battles against one another often heralded as a passing of torch from older to younger. A lot of scouts compared Vi to Sevika when she was coming up in the league — both of them hard hitting, defensive minded forwards, using their bodies as much as their hands to produce. As a coach, Sevikas big claim to fame was standing up to a front office that wanted her to throw games, and that sort of energy Vi could fuck with. But electing Kiramman and her as co—captains flew in the face of the hall—of—famers image in Vis mind. Vi had almost considered them equals, allowed herself to be  excited  about the leadership and nuggets of wisdom that Sevika could bestow. Her first act as a coach was looking at someone who had over 8 years of experience as a captain on a competitive team, looking at another person who had 12 years of experience being the obvious least favourite teammate on a team full of talent, and deciding both would work well as captains. Vi had left the meeting first having not heard another word beyond  co—captains  , knew that Kiramman had more scheme questions and play questions and general philosophy questions that were useless to ask and answer right now because they didnt even know what fucking  team  they had yet. Kiramman and Sevika were still in there, chatting away — Mel having left shortly after Vi did, talking quickly and with power into the cell phone that seemed stapled to her hand. Shed spared Vi a quick smile as shed passed, leaving Vi to sulk. Okay, she could admit it. She was sulking. This was fucking bullshit. Shed worked her ass off to be seen as a leader. She had a whole philosophy on it built around trust — around getting to know her teammates, their preferences, likes and dislikes. The Ironfists had been comprised of so many different players and coaches that she had been the throughline — the one to steady the ship when things got rocky. She had been the one to drive new players to the hotel theyd stay at until they found a place, show them the ropes of the city, listen to their grievances and bring them to the coaching staff or the front office — whoever would listen better. To have that all boiled down and equalised to the same as someone who was born with talent just… pissed her off. Kiramman clearly had done no work to connect with her team. That was evident whenever theyd played. The strategy around Kiramman was a simple one — knock her on her ass. Usually when you fucked with a teams best player, the enforcer of the squad or one of the tough guys would come after you, lay you out in return to send a message back:  dont fuck with one of our own . Nobody on the Lone Stars ever retaliated for Kiramman, and Kiramman was their most dangerous skater, so you kept beating on her and beating on her until she could barely lift the stick. So she had no idea the work it took to lead. She couldnt ever comprehend what its like to keep a list of preferences in your phone just in case you have to order a team dinner. She had no clue how to look into a real estate market, recommend realtors, hangout spots, bars — any of that shit. If she  did  have a clue, someone wouldve stepped up when Vi or another player laid Kiramman out for the sixth time in a single period and left her uniform frosted over like a wine glass. Kirammans emergence from the meeting room snapped Vi from her thoughts, straightening against the wall as the taller woman closed the door behind her. She paused when she laid eyes on Vi, hesitating as Vi stretched herself to her full height, still barely grazing Kirammans shoulder. She hated how tall Kiramman was. How her long, straight hair framed her features — roughened from the hits shed taken, still aristocratic, regal. She fucking hated how small she felt next to her. “Shes free,” Kiramman said softly, “if you wanted to talk to her.” Vi nodded, sizing her up, letting her gaze trail from Kirammans perfectly cut jean legs to her short leather jacket and button—up. By the time her gaze met Kirammans face, Kirammans eyebrow was cocked. “October, huh?” Vi asked, smirking. Kiramman rolled her eyes. “Unbelievable,” she hissed, and started walking. “What?” Vi asked, following. “You couldnt wait to—” Kiramman began, glancing around them. When she spotted nobody in the hallways, she lowered her voice. “You couldnt wait to escape last time. What makes you think Id like a repeat?” “Um,” Vi said, “because Im a good lay?” Kiramman shook her head. “Goodbye, Wickett.” “Wait, what do you mean I couldnt wait to escape?” Vi asked, quickening her pace to keep up with Kirammans strides. “Youre the one who said that it was the last time.” “I did,” Kirammans voice was clipped, “and I meant it.” “Give me five minutes to change your mind.” Kiramman stopped walking then, again looking around them, and leaning down — this fucking bitch  — to meet Vis eyes. “Maybe you have an overblown sense of your own irresistibility.” Vi snorted. “Like hell. Youre a fountain around me, cupcake.” “As I remember it, it goes both ways.” “Exactly. So whats the issue?” “I dont fuck teammates,” Kiramman repeated, stepping backwards, her full 6 foot 3 inch frame in Vis view. This time, Vi didnt move to follow her. “If you do,” Kiramman continued, “you should aim elsewhere. Captain.” As Kiramman continued down the hallway, Vi looked after her, scratching at her nose. “Maybe I will,” she called, and, with as much venom as she could muster, sneered: “ Captain .”  At the start of it all, Vi had barely understood. The same day — the same hour — that Vi had lost the Rookie of the Year trophy to Kiramman, shed bumped into her at the bar. Her arms were tired from shaking so many hands and her chest was aching from hearing  close race  so many times — she was far too competitive to be coddled by people happy for her when she finished second. But still, shed accepted the graces in the spirit theyd been meant and had retired to the RHL Ceremonies bar while they went through the Most Valuable Player award and the Executive of the Year award. Sevika was going to win the MVP — she was a shoo—in, and it was nearer to the end of her career than the start, so the voting public wanted to see her off right. Or, thats what Elora had said when Vi hadnt asked. So, with the ending spoiled, Vi plonked herself down at the bar next to a hottie in a strapless red dress, all muscle and legs. She opened her mouth to speak to her, maybe get an outside shot of drowning her disappointment in between a cute girls thighs, and then Kiramman had turned her head and Vi had been momentarily struck for an entirely different reason. Kiramman was sitting alone, a neat scotch in front of her, her trophy to the right of the scotch. The Rookie of the Year award looked like a chunk of diamond, shiny and reflective with  Caitlyn Kiramman  engraved in fancy, elegant script. Itd look better in Violet. “Thatd look better in Violet,” Vi said, jutting her chin at the award. Kiramman smirked, sliding her gaze over Vi, and raised an eyebrow. “ Would  it?” she had asked. When Vi was pressing her against the wall of a private bathroom, that strapless red dress pulled down so Kirammans breasts bounced with each firm thrust of two of Vis fingers inside of her, when Kirammans tongue traced rough edges on the outside of Vis ear and whispered wet and panting little  good, yes, just like that s that made Vi clench and nearly ruin her slacks, Vi would remember that eyebrow lift having done the trick. After Kiramman had squirted into her palm and the two of them had taken time to freshen up and straighten their clothes, waiting in the bathroom for the sound of applause for the MVP award announcement to sneak back out, Vi looked at the trophy on the bathroom sink, picked it up. “You were on a better team,” Vi pointed out. Kiramman had arched that goddamn eyebrow. “I believe that award is personal success based, not team based.” “Easy to be better individually when youve got better people around you.” Kiramman shrugged. “If you say so.” That had made Vis chest clench in anger. Kiramman opened her mouth to keep speaking when Vi cut her off with an “Ill prove it.” Kiramman hesitated. “Sorry?” “Next time we play. Ill prove it to you.” Kiramman frowned, sizing Vi up — looking  down  at her, making Vi bristle. “You dont need to prove anything to me. Honestly, for someone your size, keeping the race so tight is commendable.” Vis anger spiked at that. “Someone of  my  size?” Kirammans frown deepened, eyes searching hers, running through their conversation. “Oh, I didnt mean—” Vis finger was thrust into Kirammans collarbone, shoving her back lightly until her muscles tensed. Vi had to reach up to do it, a fact that incensed Vi further. “Im going to kick your ass,” she snarled. Applause echoed underneath the bathroom door, and Vi slipped out, heading back to her seat, fury vibrating through every molecule of her 20 year old body. It was the start of the rivalry that would define both of their careers.  Sevika was still in the office when Vi entered, closing the door behind her. The larger woman was drawing on the blackboard with a facsimile of a top—down rink taped on it, Xs and Os to mark the offense and the defense, arrows to denote movement. She was drawing free—wheeling movements that would have the defense cycling, constantly moving to clog the passing lanes and ensure that nobody on the attacking side would have a clear shot on goal. Vi approached steadily, stopping just behind Sevikas shoulder, watched her draw for a few moments. It looked familiar, but she couldnt put her finger on why. “You hear to learn how to play defense?” Sevika asked as she continued to draw. Vi snorted. “If theres anything I dont need to learn, its how to defend.” “With an attitude like that I can understand why you havent won shit.” Vi grinned at the chirp. “Why, cause it matches yours?” Sevika put the chalk down, turned to glare at Vis grinning face, and then softened her features into a knife—edged smile. “Yep.” Vi laughed. “Good to see you again, you old fuck. You just couldnt stay away, huh?” “Honestly,” Sevika said, grunting as she sat in a tall chair — brand new, Vi realized — and rubbed at one of her knees, “I dont know what the fuck is wrong with me. I should be on a beach right now, or a ski lodge, or anything but fucking here.” “Its what we know,” Vi murmured, “I dont know why we keep doing it.” “Youve got the disease, young buck,” Sevika said, amusement colouring her tone at the nickname — Vi was old for a hockey player, the wrong side of thirty, but Sevika still had fifteen years on her, “so long as theres a chance youll keep fucking trying to lift the cup. Its what Ive always admired about you.” Vi shook her head, glancing down at her hands. Sevika was her idol, her Hockey hero. The reason that Vi focused on hitting, defence, snarling. To hear admiration from her was… mind bending. “Speaking of admiration,” Vi said, “its a privilege—” “Dont start this shit,” Sevika grumbled. “I gotta get it out, Coach. Its a privilege to be working under you — I wont let you down.” Sevika grunted, waving it away. “I know you wont. You wouldnt be on my team otherwise — either that or Mels pulled a fast one and sandbagged me with your busted up mug until I can find a better winger.” Vi laughed, Sevika laughed, and Vi thought,  perfect . “So, hey, speaking of Medarda sandbagging you,” Vi said, shifting, “you mustve been pissed at the co—captain mandate.” “Not your preference?” Sevika asked. “Its fucking ridiculous,” Vi said, “between the two of us we have eight years of captain experience, Coach, and Kiramman has zero.” Sevika nodded, gesturing for her to continue. “Like, I understand that you need veterans on the team to lead, and Kiramman can definitely lead by doing, but shes an unpopular teammate, a hands only scorer, and she cant be counted on to defend her own end. Plus, shes — well, shes cold. Not the friendliest bitch around.” “I hear you,” Sevika said, sighing, “I really hear you. You mustve had an easy time isolating her when you guys played.” Vi nodded .”Exactly. Since she got no team support, we could just send someone straight at her on the defensive end, force her to pass. You hit her enough, shes taken right out of the play, and nobody would step in and help her so you could effectively play four on five hockey while she tried to get back into it.” “Makes sense. Sounds like a liability.” Sevika said. “It was. It made it really hard on the Lone Stars whenever they played us.” Sevika leaned close. “How many times did you beat them, Vi?” Vis jaw snapped shut, and she glared. “You know how many times we beat them.” “Id like to hear it from you.” “We never,” Vi gritted, “won a series.” “Never.” Sevika said, clipped, quiet. “Not once. You played them in the playoffs most times you got there, never  once  did you beat them. What strategy did you employ to stop the rest of the team?” Vi shifted in her seat. “We take Kiramman out—” “Not talking about Caitlyn. What about the rest of the fourteen skaters on the Lone Stars bench? What did you do against  them ?” Vi shrugged. “Just tried to beat them.” Sevika let that hang for a moment, and then shifted, sighed. “When I asked Caitlyn what strategy shed employed against the Ironfists, do you know what she said?” Vi slowly looked at the blackboard, and this time she saw Piltover jerseys flying in tight circles as she desperately passed between her teammates, looking for any point of entry, any angle that they could shoot as the Lone Stars cut them off again and again, forcing them to settle for long slapshots that got lost in the crush of bodies, leading to easy save after easy save. She could picture Kiramman drawing it out, explaining it so that Sevika was driven to re—draw, adjust, picture. “Caitlyn Kiramman,” Sevika said, “has one of the highest hockey IQs of any player Ive ever seen. She can see the ice from the top down, and makes the right play every time — right pass leading to a score, right shot to create a rebound. Every coach Ive talked to has said the same shit you did — except they couldnt stop talking about how sharp her tools have been kept. Her brain is going to help us win, and I need her in a position where she can share that brain with people who will listen.” Vi exhaled, rubbing her thumbs together, glaring at the carpet of the room. Black and red — the colours of the Sumprats. She lifted her head. “Shes still cold, unfriendly, and may be the worst teammate ever, judging by her team.” Sevika smiled. “Then its a good thing my other captain has eight years of experience.” Vi huffed out a self—aimed laugh, running a hand through her pink hair, and exhaled a frustrated puff of air. She tilted her head back, let the hair fall away from her face as she couldnt help but grin at the ceiling. Sevika rose in her peripherals. “Make no mistake, Wickett. Mels calling the shots on personnel, staffing, ticket prices, where to hang decorations and what sort of entertainment we have between periods, but when it comes to whose team this is, its  my  show. And, with you and Kiramman, its  our  show. Our success — and our failures — are going to hinge on the three of us. I need you to buy in.” Vi let her gaze fall back to the blackboard, picturing twelve years of playoff flame outs rolling out in front of her like a carpet. She rose to her feet, nodding resolutely. “Ive got the disease, Coach,” Vi said, “so long as theres a chance, Ill keep fucking trying.” Sevika nodded. “Im counting on it.” Vi turned, shoving her hands in her jacket pocket as she walked towards the exit, her brood slowly taking over her mood. As she got a few steps from the door, Sevika called her name over the sound of the chalk continuing its squeaking on the blackboard, making Vi pause. “All that shit you talked about Kiramman? The cold, worst teammate shit?” “Yeah?” Vi asked, prepared to defend it. “She said the exact same thing about herself.” Vi waited for more, but Sevika kept drawing, kept making Xs and Os and drawing arrow after arrow, making them dance for her, shift and move and come to life. Vi pushed her way out of the room and headed for the exit.  Thirty seconds. Kiramman got the pass on her stick blade and zipped it across the blue line to her defensive partner as Vi closed the distance to her, giving her a late bump as she turned to face the new puck handler, her stick and Kirammans stick clacking against one another as she backed off, not wanting to risk the interference penalty. The score was 5—4 Lone Stars, the burn of seven gruelling games working their way up Vis thighs, Vis arms, turning the air she breathed into tiny shards of glass. Vi glided back towards the new puck handler as her teammates shifted — a tightly controlled unit, the Ironfists on defence showing why they were the best in their own end. Twenty five seconds. The Lone Star with the puck grimaced, wound up and fired off a quick slapshot that went off a body in front — Vi immediately pouncing on the puck, battling with another Lone Star, losing it after a brief clash of sticks. The Lone Stars passed it around quickly — efficient little short passes that made the Ironfists turn and push towards them, closing any gaps they had, constantly seeking to pressure the puck handler, force them to cough it up. Twenty seconds. Vi eased away from Kiramman, showing her as open, hoping someone would take the bait. A goal now would put the Ironfists away, end this series and mean that the Lone Stars would be moving on. The Ironfists needed to get the puck away from their own zone so they could pull their goalie, get another skater on the ice, make it six on five, give themselves a chance to win. The Lone Stars, usually aggressive, were trying to just kill clock, keep the puck close to the Ironfists net, make them not risk the chance. Fifteen seconds. Someone took the bait — a Lone Star saw how far away Vi was playing from Kiramman and time slowed as the pass was perfect — across the blue line, easy for her to leap on. She could hear Kiramman screaming  no  as she moved to try and get it, but it was too late — Vi was already on it in a flash, puck nestled against the blade of her stick, the rapid  skch skch skch  of her skates pumping her forwards, their twin — Kirammans strides — right behind. Thirteen seconds. There was nobody in front of Vi but the goaltender and open ice, Kirammans stick in the corner of her eye as she could see the Ironfists coach waving, the goaltender racing for the bench, the sixth skater coming out as Vi crossed the opposing blue line, puck on her blade, eyes up and squared against the goalie. Ten seconds. Vi pulled the puck right, showed a high wrist shot, the goalie crouched low in the butterfly, glove out, ready to snag it. Nine seconds. Vi shifted left as Kirammans stick lashed out to try and knock it out of Vis grasp. Vi pulled her stick left, too, a deke that had the goalies eyes widening, diving to his right, stretching out as suddenly Vi only saw the back of the net. Eight seconds. Vi shot the puck on her backhand, eyes wide, heart pounding, 5—4 the score as the Piltover crowd rose to its feet in a moment of shocked comprehension. Seven point five seconds. 
   Ting. 
 Seven seconds. Kiramman wrangled the puck after it hit the post, angled her body, and fired the puck in a high arc as Vi desperately slammed her body into Kirammans, sending them both tumbling to the ice. They landed face to face, both expelling breath from exhausted lungs, staring at one another for a long tense moment. At six point three seconds, Vi didnt see the puck go into the empty, yawning Ironfist net. All she heard was the goal horn, the crowd screaming. All she heard was Kiramman say, “Good series.”  Kiramman and Vi had the same hotel, just adjacent to the Last Drop stadium. It was a brilliant strategy — its intended purpose was to host visiting teams that came to Zaun to play games, as well as being a good spot for fans to travel to from all over the surrounding Zaun countryside to cheer their home team on. It was a quick walk across two eerily empty parking lots, but Vi could use the leg stretch after being on a plane for most of the day. The bulky brace on her knee would come off tomorrow, and Vi was itching to lace them up again, feel the ice beneath her skates, start working on her backchecking and forechecking and go through her tune—up routine. An offseason saddled with an injury meant that shed need to be careful about how and when she got back to playing shape. It was a long season, and if she rushed, her injury could mean that shed be in and out of the lineup for the entire season. Adding to that, it was a contract year — the last year of her contract before having to sign a new one. Meaning Vi would have to prove her value to the Sumprats or some other team if she wanted to test free agency and see who else had time for an ageing defensive specialist with a bad wheel. The hotel was called The Broken Spoke, and she entered to gasps of excitement as she plucked her aviators off of her nose and grinned at the few people around before checking in. She took pictures with fans, refusing to confirm or deny whether she was a part of the new Sumprats squad, commiserating about being injured and losing to Piltover and all other manner of usual sports fanatical chitchat shed grown accustomed to fielding. One thing shed always appreciated about coming home to Zaun was that the city loved its own. Shed been a Red Bangles fan growing up because of Sevika, and many of the Zaunite fans shed known and met had been Ironfists fans because of her. Now, they had their own team, and the buzz in the air was palpable. The first thing Vi wanted to do when she got to her room was unpack, settle down, maybe nap for a few hours. The battle against sleep was something that she was also carefully monitoring at this stage in her career, the importance of rest and its link to staying healthy something shed learned from older mentors throughout the years. The first thing Vi actually did, however, was pick up the phone and call the front desk. “Caitlyn Kiramman, please,” Vi said, the womans first name feeling weird on her lips. “Yes?” Kiramman answered. “Do you know where youre going to buy a house?” Vi asked. Kiramman was silent on the other line. Vi could hear her thinking. “Were teammates, right?” Vi continued, “Youre new to Zaun. I could help you figure out a place thats safe, maybe without too many dangers if youre worried about that.” “Youd do that?” Kiramman asked. Vi frowned. “Uh. yeah. Thats what Captains do, isnt it? I figure I can give you the run down on the areas of Zaun for when the rest of the team arrives. We can maybe split the roster in half — you get one half settled, I get the other half settled, we can meet up and compare notes on what we learn about them and how best to keep them motivated and focused or whatever.” Kirammans silence stretched, and Vi rolled her eyes. “Look, this isnt a play or whatever. Im not going to try and fuck you in a realtors office — Im trying to just do what captains—” “Nobodys ever done this for me.” “Do. Excuse me? Sorry, what did you say?” “Nobodys ever — sure. Yes, Id like that.” 
   All that shit you talked about Kiramman? The cold, worst teammate shit? 
 “Cool,” Vi said, “then Ill take you tomorrow.”  She said the exact same thing about herself . “Lets talk about restaurants,” Vi continued, picturing all those times Kiramman lay on the ice on her side, covered in frost as her teammates skated around her. “Do you have any dietary restrictions?”



  
   Excerpt from The Sumprats: The 2022 Season In Game Notes 

   By 3 time All—Star Goaltender Graves 

   Publication Date: 2025 
 A lot has been written about that first season, and with good reason. The inaugural season of the Zaun Sumprats was rife with interpersonal dramatics and sports movie panache, a shining example of why people become sports journalists. The narratives around that first season were juicy and constantly evolving, from the rivalry between its captains to the controversy over who was on the starting lineup to — yes — who was the starting goaltender. All of it had this feeling in retrospect of good fiction, event after event with that can you believe this is happening spice to it. Add in a few easy metaphors, and many a blog post was launched in that fateful fall. But what I feel has gone unnoticed or uncared about in the months and years after that 2022 season is the context in which it was played, and the unrest in Zaun at the time. It is said that every team takes on the identity of its city at some point, whether it be willingly or unwittingly. Piltover has this air of the rich and privileged, and their team took on this untouchable air — this how dare you challenge me energy that follows them from their dominance in the late eighties and early nineties. Void has this mysterious energy to it, and the Stars, too, are unknowable and secretive — their chant literally becoming a loud and hissing “shhhhh”. Bilgewater is a place of revelry and merriment — having the most national holidays of any place on Runeterra — and the Schooners are a joyful, constantly evolving party team, the free—agent destination of choice for getting fucked up and having a great time. Zauns identity, meanwhile, could be summarised in a single word, dating all the way back to when Piltovers waste runoff was discovered to flow directly into their drinking water, dating even further back to the reports of rampant police brutality that has hounded the city since the late nineties. Zaun had tried to get a football team, a soccer team, a baseball team, and were rejected because the city was deemed too violent — which sounded to the populace like saying they were too poor. Zauns story up to that point was one of assuming that they were going to get screwed over at every opportunity, a feeling in the gut that was so clear and obvious when you spoke to any Zaunite for more than six seconds. In short, Zaun was  angry . When we arrived, the anger scared us at first — those that werent native, at least. I dont think Vi was rattled at all by it, and even seemed invigorated by it. Claggor, too, seemed very used to the anger and utilised it as fuel. Mylo played very well at home because of the rage that filled the stands — he was unstoppable in our building some nights. But the rest of us were terrified about the anger, unsure how to handle it. The first twenty games of the season we were constantly looking behind us on the bench, seeing the vigour in which those fans cheered and booed, feeling like if we did something wrong — if we slipped in some way — theyd turn against us in a heartbeat. Caitlyn had the most to fear of all of us, and I remember being scared for her. Not only was she a Piltover native, she was also a symbol of everything the city wasnt — hockey royalty, tall, learned in all the best facilities and schools in the world. She was an embodiment of a privilege that she didnt quite comprehend, and there was nothing that a Zaunite hated more than a privileged person who didnt put in the work to understand where they came from. But Caitlyn was a hard worker, and adjusted like a duck to water. Despite Mylos home game heroics, and Claggors stiff lower jaw, and Vis revelment in her peoples emotions and the hometown hero status Vi carried, I truly believe that by the end of our season, Caitlyn Kiramman was Zauns favourite player on the team. Because, over the course of the season, she got angry too. Slowly, we all did. Thats what our secret sauce was, as the season moved along — anger. We were angry that our old teams coughed us up for nothing. We were angry that the national media wasnt covering us as much as the other big name teams. We were angry that we never got penalty calls going our way in opposing teams buildings. We were angry when the internal RHL report came out calling us thugs — and we were  incredibly  pissed when it specifically identified the Zaunites on our roster as such. We were angry at everyone, and everything, and we needed to shut them up — all of them. The city was angry with us — hell, got even  more  pissed than us, it felt — and we rode that wave of emotion all the way through, until our eventual— 
  Run at the Cup.
 August Part Four: Leadership 
   "The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. Thats real glory. Thats the essence of it." 

   —Vince Lombardi 

  
  
“You keep looking at your phone,” Vi said, “you cant be  that  popular.” They were sitting in faded grey booths next to a window seat, the grimy glass reflecting Caitlyns tugged low baseball cap, light eye makeup, and the gentle glow of her nutrition app tucked beneath a plastic menu. The dinger — Jerichos — was filled with old—timey 60s music, and was packed in the way that beaten down diners always seemed to be. Vi seemed right at home — tucking one leg underneath her, eyes bright beneath the matted down pink locks that her backwards snapback flattened to her forehead, grinning across the table at Caitlyn so wide that Caitlyn could see the two molars that were missing in her mouth. One of them had been taken out by her own slapshot — an errant puck that Vi had attempted to block in their third season together. Vi seemed to notice Caitlyn noticing, and grinned wider. “Admiring my chiclets?” “I dont think I ever apologised for that,” Caitlyn said, accompanied by a wince. The feeling of her heart freezing in her chest when Vi had slumped to the ice, blood pooling down her neck, was easily conjured. Alongside it was the memory of Vi getting back onto the ice less than eight minutes later, freshly stitched up and looking for blood. “Dont start now,” Vi said with a wave, and then poked at Caitlyns menu with her own, “why are you looking at your phone so much?” “Nutrition counters,” Caitlyn grunted, getting back to it. “Im on my pre—season body maintenance schedule.” “Maintenance schedule,” Vi said, snorting as she flapped her menu closed and tossed it onto the table, shifting in her seat with leathery creaks. “Its important to make sure youre in top shape. Im on a strict training regimen, which includes diet. You should—” “I do the same shit,” Vi snarked, “I just dont have as goofy a name for it.” “What do you call it?” “Eating,” Vi deadpanned, drumming her fingers on the table. Her fingernails scratched over the surface until she found a piece of peeling plastic, began to fidget with it. Caitlyn was starting to realise that Vi really couldnt keep still to save her life. “Well,” Caitlyn said, setting her menu aside, too, “we all have different methods, I suppose.” Vi nodded, then jerked her head at the huge fish hybrid manning the stove of the restaurant. “You can just tell the server what you need and Jericho will whip it up for you. Hes best with protein, but you can let him know what you need today.” “Oh,” Caitlyn said, nodding, “thats… considerate.” “Jericho loves serving hockey players. It reminds him of his glory days.” Caitlyn nodded again, felt stupid, and stopped. Shed felt like she was on her back foot ever since Vi had knocked on her door this morning at 7am sharp — dressed in a tank top and shorts, the snapback firmly on, socks rolled up to her knees. She had looked like some skateboarder from high school — stereotypical bad—girl vibes. Caitlyn had always had a thing for the bad—girl vibes. No wonder theyd hooked up so often. “You really know the city, huh,” Caitlyn said, laying her chin on her hand and leaning closer. “Born and raised Zaunite. When I shipped out to Ionia, the water tasted weird — not enough of the chemical runoff in it.” Outside, the heatwaves warped the dusty sidewalks and cracked roads of Zaun, the citys noise — a cacophony of car horns and shouts mixed with the distant wails of sirens — filtering into Jerichos whenever the door jangled open. The sounds filled Caitlyn with energy, made her feel bolder, somehow — adrenaline—esque. “Must have been hard,” Caitlyn said. “Wasnt all bad,” Vi shrugged, glancing around the restaurant, “met some really awesome people. Left some good ones behind, too.” Caitlyn nodded, glanced towards her phone, closed the nutrition tracking app. She had two missed calls from her Amara that she had no intention of returning, and a text from her lawyer that confirmed that Amaras contract was null and void. That matter was settled. When Caitlyns eyes raised from her phone, she paused, the adrenaline—esque  thing  surging in her. Vis attention was directed at Jericho, lost in memory, eyes seeing images that were long gone. As Caitlyn observed, she grew more and more distant, a crease forming in her eyebrows, the citys noise background music to the narrowing of Caitlyns world to just this blue eyed pink haired bad—girl who seemed so at ease and at home on this shitty benches with this warped table between them. Caitlyn suddenly wanted to know everything — how she ticked, how she thought, what her priorities were. “Tell me,” Caitlyn said, softly. Vi snapped out of whatever reverie she was trapped in, turned to look at Caitlyn, seeming surprised at how close shed managed to lean across the table. Her eyes took in Caitlyns stance, the openness of it, and Caitlyn could  see  her closing off, shutting down, walling back up. “Tell you what?” “What you were thinking,” Caitlyn said, knowing the moment was over, lost, the information not hers to discover — not her place as teammate, or co—captain, or — whatever, ex fuck buddy. “Why?” Vi asked, suspiciously. “Nevermind,” Caitlyn grunted, straightening back up. “What, are we dating, cupcake? Are—” “Dont call me that.” “—we going to go hold hands and walk down the street?” “Ugh, no. Its boiling out there.” Vis teasing expression hardened instantly, and she turned to catch the attention of their server without a second thought, making Caitlyn blink, running the conversation through in her head. What had she said that made— “Hey, Charlene,” Vi purred to the short raven haired cat hybrid that sauntered up to their table, “youre looking great. Hows the boy?” “Dumped his ass,” Charlene grunted, “usual, Vi?” “Yep. This is Caitlyn, a friend of mine.” “Ill have the Sunrise Classic special, thank you,” Caitlyn said primly, handing her menu to Charlene, “sunny side up with rye toast, if you dont mind.” “Why would I mind?” Charlene chuckled, turning back to Vi, “Im dating a photographer now.” “Can only be an improvement.” “She is. Ill get you some waters.” As Charlene sauntered away, Vi leaned back in her seat, tugging an ankle up with her. Her brace squeaked lightly around her knee, one of her eyebrows twitching with the effort. “Charlene dates the worst people you can find. Its sort of a running thing when you come here.” Vis tone was carefully neutral, and Caitlyns naturally slid to match. “Speaking of coming here, you wanted to show me the ropes, so to speak?” “Yeah, for sure.” Vi grunted, adjusted her snapback, shuffled a little closer. “Alright, so. Were captains, and we need to figure out what sort of captains were going to be. Normally, what Id say to assistant captains is that wed figure out our own thing on the fly, but judging by the messenger bag you brought with notebooks sticking out and you tracking your nutrition on an app, Im going to go ahead and assume that improvising isnt your forte.” Caitlyn clenched her jaw, but said nothing in response. “So, well need to tackle this as more of a thought exercise. Thanks, Charlene,” Vi said, punctuated by the water — served in red, plastic cups with see—through bubbled texture around the outside. “A thought exercise?” Caitlyn murmured. “Yeah. So, okay. What was the vibe of the Piltover squad most of the time?” 
   Repetition. Practice making perfect. Ensuring that your best was always given, even when it wasnt enough. 
 “Professional, I guess,” Caitlyn said, “we came to work.” Vi raised an eyebrow. “Sure, yeah. Everyone takes it seriously — or, well, most people do anyways. We all want to win the cup. What I mean is like, when you were out at team dinners or in down time — was there someone who took charge?” Caitlyn paused, hesitated, before the name came out like venom: “Terri Landsman.”  “Whered you get this bruise?” The sweat was cooling between Caitlyns breasts as she lay in her hotel room — her legs still entwined with Vis. A short, thick blue cock was still attached to the harness that Caitlyn wore, shiny with sweat and Vi, gradually becoming harder and harder to clean with the passing seconds of exposure to air. Shed get up and wash it in a minute — she just needed to recover her breath first. It was their first game facing each other since they had fucked in the bathroom of the awards, and it had been a homecrowd pleaser — Vi had made a devastating hit on Caitlyn in the late third period to force a turnover and shift the momentum in Ionias favour, scoring on the play. The last minute of the game was a gruelling assault by the Lone Stars to tie it up, featuring slap shot after slap shot from the blue line, the Stars trying to find a single crack in the Ironfists defences. It had been a good game, and both women had played well — you didnt mind losing those so much. But it had also meant that when Vi had tracked down Caitlyns hotel room, Caitlyn had fucked Vi within an inch of her life, fist curled in her pink hair and pressing her into the mattress as she drove into her over and over and over until nothing but the slapping of skin and the gasping of breath and the slick, moist sounds of her cock buried to the hilt inside Vi had filled the room. But now, Vi was circling a fading bruise — a bruise that was too old to have been formed during the game. “Your pillow talk leaves something to be desired,” Caitlyn grunted out, shifting so her legs were free and moving to stand to unhook the harness. “Sorry. Youre a sex goddess. The angels wept for there were no more pussies to conquer. The bruise has weird lines to it — did you get hit by a grill?” Caitlyn tugged her pajama pants back over her hips and stood by the bed, topless and barefoot while Vi stretched out comfortably, idly scratching her ankle with her big toe, comfortable in her nudity. “Yes,” Caitlyn responded dryly, “an angry barbecuing dad.” “I thought I was the only daddy in your life,” Vi smirked. “Based on what just happened, Im not sure you get to claim that title.” “Consolation prize,” Vi said, and grinned. Caitlyn rolled her eyes, gesturing towards the hotel room door. “Well,” Caitlyn said, but had nothing to follow with, just stood there as Vi craned her neck to get a better look at the bruise. “It looks like its a few days old.” “Why are you so interested?” Caitlyn snapped. “Because its cool looking and youre being evasive.” “Im not being evasive.” “She said, evasively.” “Im — youre — shut up.” “Come on,” Vi needled, “its embarrassing, isnt it? Youre embarrassed. Maybe we—” “New rule,” Caitlyn snapped, “if were going to do this. No chit chat.” Vi blinked. “Chit chat?” “We both know what this is, okay? Im hot, youre hot, were both willing to fuck. Lets just — fuck. We dont need to do this whole fake getting to know you thing.” Vi raised an eyebrow. “What if Im genuinely interested?” “Im not,” Caitlyn said, flatly, her heart racing as she felt the louvres of the locker pressing into her side — the force by which she was thrown into them, “Im not interested in telling you about myself, or learning about you. Were compatible in the sheets, lets — well keep it there.” Vi gaped for a moment, then rolled wordlessly to her side of the bed, sliding her briefs back up her hips, followed by her shirt — a loose tee that said Brawn &gt; Prawns in some gothic looking font with a picture of a buff shrimp on it. “Message received, fuck buddy,” Vi said stiffly, then snatched her shirt off of the ground. “I guess Ill see you next time I beat you.” “In your dreams,” Caitlyn said, a split second after the door had closed behind Vi, leaving her voice echoing in the hotel room. Her hand drifted up the lines that the locker had made on her skin, feeling them as acutely as the words  dont fuck up again, rook  had felt whispered into the shell of her ear by Terri Landsman, hulking over her, grinning into her ear. She sat on the bed, felt the space where Vis warmth was slowly fading, and exhaled, long and slow. The bruise on her ribs ached lightly.  “Landsman, huh?” Vi said, smoothing her hands down the tabletop, “I guess that makes sense — she was an old dinosaur.” “Nasty,” Caitlyn said, noncommittally, “but she was the ringleader. She seemed good at knowing what to do.” Vi nodded, frowning. “Okay. Well, thats definitely part of being a captain — telling people what to do. But mostly its about confidence — or, at least, projecting confidence.” Caitlyn nodded absently, her attention drawn back to the window, the streets beyond. Outside, two young women popped the hood of a small sedan and set about fussing with it — a third sat in the drivers seat, occasionally attempting to turn the engine over. “Being a leader is mostly just knowing your team, their likes and dislikes, how they like to navigate conflict. Then, tailoring your message to their needs. If someone wants honest and direct, you dont fuck around with them. If someone needs pillowy words, you coddle them. Its all about getting the best out of them when you need it.” “Making sure the teams always at their best,” Caitlyn murmured in agreement, and turned to find Vis face turn incredulous. “Always? No. Youll drive yourself and your team trying to be constantly the best. People dont work that way.” Caitlyn frowned. “But you just said—” “Here you are,” Charlene interrupted, placing two identical plates of food on the table — down to the rye toast. Heaping eggs, bacon, sausage, home fries and a little smiley face of ketchup on a plate, still steaming hot. She murmured  enjoy  as she whisked away to take more orders, leaving Vi smirking and Caitlyn boggling. “You said you needed protein?” Vi asked, and Caitlyn broke into a large grin. “This is the best way to start the day.” “This is where I think we should take the team first,” Vi said, freeing her cutlery from her rolled up napkin, “put good food in them right off of the bat.” “Im sold just by seeing it. But you said that—” “Ah,” Vi held up a hand, “sorry. I cant talk about this and eat at the same time. Im a woman of focus and commitment.” Caitlyn frowned, then shrugged it away, helping herself to the best breakfast of her life.  “Press wants you available,” Coach Dartmouth said, standing over Caitlyns locker as she sat on the bench, taking her skates off. Her hair was damp and matted to her head, body aching, lids heavy. Caitlyn didnt spare the coach a second glance as she tugged her feet free, letting damp socks  fwap  against the cool ground. “Did you hear me, rook? Press wants you—” “Im not deaf,” Caitlyn muttered, tugging her other foot free. “What was that?” “Ill do my best,” Caitlyn said, much louder, pairing up her skates and sitting it next to her little cubby. She slipped the guards on her blades, then began the process of untucking her overshirt from her pants to remove her shoulderpads, her helmet sitting at her right hip. “Thatll be the first time you do that tonight,” Danforth snapped. Caitlyn nodded, lips pursed as she pulled the shoulder pads over her head, stuffed her helmet in where her neck went, tightened the strings so she could carry the whole ensemble by her chinstrap. “Yes, coach.” Danforth spared her an icy stare, then stalked away. Caitlyn watched her leave, glanced around the locker room at her assembled teammates, all staring into their own lockers, barely suppressing smiles. Landsman was sitting beside her before Caitlyn saw her move, as shed known Landsman would be. Landsman was an ogre — six six, solid muscle, broad shoulders and a wide, square head. She had been the Lone Stars enforcer and captain for three years before Caitlyn had ever come aboard, and would retire wearing the gold and blue. The fans knew her as a cuddly, friendly giant to her teammates and a monster to anyone not wearing her sweater — the press had written think piece after think piece about how giving a teammate she was, how she had shepherded an era of winning culture in Piltover. Caitlyn knew her as the woman who had decreed that everyone refer to Caitlyn as rook well into Caitlyns fourth year as a Lone Star, until shed earned her way out of it. “Listen, rook,” Landsman said, sympathy honeying her tongue, “you okay? You got the snot kicked out of you. Let me see your eye.” Big fingers came down to grip Caitlyns chin, and she jerked away, glaring. “Im fine.” “Nobody can accuse you of not being tough,” Landsman said with a small smile. “Youre built different, rook.” Caitlyn said nothing to that, stood to pull out her hip pads, beginning to unthread her pants. “Im here for a truce, kid. We can set aside the past, be pals, all of that — we just need you to stop shooting so close to tight games. Let the game come to you a little bit more, you know? Some of the vets — we know what to do with the puck down late. You got to trust us a bit more — as teammates.” Teammates. “You trust us more with it, we can trust you. Do a little dirty work. Get into the corners. Set up your crew. Then maybe we can see about working you back into the mix a bit.” Caitlyn inhaled slowly, and shone a bright grin at Landsman, eyes shining. “Sure thing, cap!” Landsman smiled back, hesitant, and clapped Caitlyns shoulder before sliding away. “Alright, when I point at you, ask your question,” said the teams media manager later, as Caitlyn sat down on a stool in front of a collection of half a dozen microphones, Lone Stars ballcap on her head, ponytail flowing out of it. She stared at the collection of bodies packed into the small room, stared harder as they jostled and jeered to get the managers attention focused on them. “Caitlyn, Mike Hurtz,  The Billowing Smoke . Obviously this didnt go the way you wanted it to — missing five shots on goal, losing 3—1 on your home ice. What can the team do better in the future?” Caitlyn blinked. “Win the game,” she said. “Caitlyn, Delilah Hayden,  The Void Falling Star . What was the strategy defensively against such a juggernaut team in the Noxus War Horses?” Caitlyn blinked. “Keep the puck out of the net,” she said. “Caitlyn, Matthew Stone,  Noxus Daily . How do you respond to critics that say you dont hit enough, and that your game needs to be more physical?” Caitlyn blinked, and pointed to her black eye — won when a War Horse forward caught her with an errant elbow. “Caitlyn, Terry Bradshaw,  Piltover Gazette . Are you at all focused on the MVP race?” Caitlyn blinked. “No.” “Youre—  hang on — youre just behind Vi Wickett in the public polls. Caitlyn couldnt help but bark a short laugh at the sound of Vis name. Of course she was. “Good for her.” The rest of the media scrum flashed by in a blur, Caitlyns hand in the pocket where she kept her phone, thumb moving through practised, familiar gestures. Within an hour, she had her back against Vis door, her tongue on Vis throat, and all of it — Landsman, Coach Danforth, the press cameras — were melting away.  “So back to the leadership thing,” Vi said as they walked out of Jerichos, pleasantly full. Caitlyn was full of satisfaction at the glare Vi had given her when shed paid exactly one dollar more than Vi did on the tip, both of them having polished off their breakfasts in the speed only a professional athlete could attain — as fast as their jaws could move. “You were saying about not needing the best,” Caitlyn jumped in immediately, “but how do you expect to achieve excellence without striving to be excellent?” Vi frowned. “Im not saying we wont try to be great, Kiramman. What Im saying is that theres a difference between being  the  best, and your squad giving you  their  best.” Caitlyn walked in silence for a moment, chewing on that thought. “I dont really see the difference.” Vi sighed, lifting her snapback to run a hand through her hair, smoothing it back before fitting the snapback firmly back on it. “Do you know why championship teams are who they are?” “They play the best,” Caitlyn said, impatience colouring her tone.” “No. Well, yes, but its not their best players that win it. Usually, its the people who sit five, six seats from the starting lineup that give you the edge. Our job as leaders is to make sure that when those folks numbers get called, theyre ready.” Caitlyn nodded. “That sounds like media bullshit.” “Oh, its definitely perpetuated by journalists, for sure. But its also true. I think my greatest failing as a leader wasnt that I didnt play well — I always played well individually. My worst, most costly mistakes were not enabling the looked over people on my squad. When it became crunch time, they folded instead of blossomed — thats partially on me.” An eyebrow above Caitlyns left eye lifted. “Who is this person? What did you do with Vi?” Vi chuckled, tapped her temple. “This is captain Vi youre talking to. We havent been introduced yet.” Caitlyn walked in silence for a few paces around the U shaped strip mall where Jericho was located, closer to the hotel theyd walked from — the morning sun slowly and surely making its way across the sky, shortening shadows as it marched towards noon. “What if I dont know how to do that? The whole — making them blossom thing.” “You figure it out." “Right, but — how?” “You cant stop analysing anything, ever. I can hear your brain moving a mile a minute anytime anything happens — on the ice, in media scrums, on talk shows, today at breakfast. Someone who thinks that hard all the time cant be totally clueless towards the needs of others." How wrong you are, Caitlyn thought, and chased the musing away. “Well,” Caitlyn muttered, her shoe sucking at the concrete as the heat bore down on it, “its nice to meet you, Captain Vi.” “Likewise.” Across the street from them, the three girls working on the car suddenly whooped with joy, as the engine sputtered, coughed, and hummed to life with a roar. Caitlyn watched them all high five excitedly and rush to climb in, the tailpipe belching smoke with a loud gunshot as they squealed away, tanned arms throwing themselves out of rolled down windows. Caitlyn and Vi watched them go — Vi with her fists in her pockets, Caitlyn with a hand nervously tugging down her ballcap. “Come on,” Vi said after a moment, “Im parked back at the hotel. Well go see a realtor, get you a place to live.” Caitlyn nodded, and nodded again, more firmly, at the thought of this place — with its breakfast food and failing cars and oppressive heat and loyal fanbase — as a home. “You drive like a maniac, dont you?” Caitlyn accused gently, as Vi began leading them back to the hotel. “Of course not,” Vi replied, offended. She did. 



  
  You didnt always get to choose companions when you were famous.
 
  And it wasnt like Claggor was famous—famous — not capital f Famous, like some of his fellow players in the RHL who got their pictures taken next to Tony the Tiger with their full hockey gear on — but he was locally famous. Die hard Axolotl fans knew who he was, some even bought his jersey, but he wasnt really going to be recognized by the casual fan who only watched RHL hockey at their uncles house during Thanksgiving or whatever. Even the type of fan who recognized him — calling out his surname in a crowded bar — tended to treat him like a distant friend versus a stranger, an odd experience that he never quite got used to.
 
  The point was, you didnt get to choose.
 
  If Claggor had a choice, it certainly wouldnt have been Mylo.
 
  “Shurimas gonna regret this,” Mylo Sturn snarled into his second glass of wine — less caloric intake than beer, and they had less than three months before the season started. Wine had been the drink of choice around the league starting a decade prior, when healthy eating habits and alcohol research had become more mainstream among athletes. Claggor had taken more than one rookie aside after they had gorged themselves on chicken wings with their newfound wealth and had given them his variation on the body being a temple.
 
  “My agent says that Zaun is a pit stop. A real bad seater. He says if I can get 30 goals a season, I can get picked up by a real market. What do you think? Youve been around longer than I have.”
 
  The body temple speech wasnt even Claggors best speech. It was one hed made a lot over the years, wearing seven different logos on his chest over the same time span. The best speech hed ever made was his role of the goon speech, about what was and wasnt acceptable on ice. Hed had to grab young hotshots out of college looking to be the next picture with Tony the Tiger and patiently explain that you didnt celebrate a goal when youre up by three, you dont tap the goalie with your stick when the play is whistled dead, you dont challenge a guy to a fight and drop your gloves without them agreeing. Standard stuff to a vet, but Claggors role was more than just dropping mitts and swinging fists — he was an equaliser. Goons existed on hockey teams to keep the peace, make sure everyone knew the score, and if a picture got bent on the wall, you went over and straightened it out, made sure the decor all matched up fine.
 
  “And this coach — you ever hear of this Sevika person? I hear she flamed out after less than a season in her first gig. Second coaching gig ever — first full season, might as well be a rookie. How can I depend on 30 Gs over the season with someone who probably doesnt know their ass from a playbook?”
 
  Claggor had never really needed straightening out — not really. He had always been described as mature for his age, which was a very hockey scout way of saying that he had depression. It had been manageable since being diagnosed, sure, but Claggor had gotten into a bad spell when the elation of making the league, getting drafted on a real RHL team, and lacing up his skates for his first team practice came crashing down when he was relegated to the checking line and was taught the ways of the goon. Claggor was a good soldier, paid attention, sat at the knee of the older and wiser old geezers at 35, with both knees making clicking noises when they walked up stairs and the anxiety of being expected to fight every night wearing them thin as a piano wire. They had told him that hed be lucky to score a goal a year, that his role was to skate for 6 minutes total in a game and look for ways to impact it — lay a skater out, drop the mitts and dance around with someone, and keep everyone on the same page with regard to conduct.
 
  Claggor had done a lot of thinking, weighing the fact that hed never get to high five Tony on cardboard with the dream of lacing them up in the RHL.
 
  “Its not even about the glory,” Mylo continued, draining his third glass while Claggor worked steadily through his first, “really. Like, it is, but also this has financial implications, too. When the rookie contracts up, you can make bank — I dont want a squad to give up on me because I got bounced back to fucking Zaun to play for a basement dwelling team. I could lose a mill, two mill easy, you know?”
 
  Claggors first reaction to hearing that hed be back in Zaun was one of mild relief. Hed grown up in those streets, so he wouldnt have to familiarise himself with a whole new culture again. Being a tough guy in the RHL meant that you were the first to go when a team needed a few mill in cap space. Every team needed a tough guy to protect the star players, but nobody wanted to actually pay for one — meaning Claggor moved a lot, but made peanuts in comparison to the top—billed talent. Claggord didnt mind all that much — a year on his current contract was more money than hed ever seen in his life.
 
  After all, hed grown up in Zaun.
 
  “Fucking Zaun. You grew up there, too, right? God, my old man is going to be fucking thrilled when he hears that Im back. Its easy to avoid him when Im three hours away but Ill be dragged to 
  
    so
  
   many brunches now.”
 
  Claggor hadnt had much family growing up. Ironically, he and Vi Wickett had bonded over that when he made a brief two year stint on the Ironfists, the easiest goon role in the league. Vi was her own tough guy, and needed no protection — three minutes on the ice taught anyone that. Claggors role was mostly to loom silently over her shoulder when she explained to the other teams bench that she was going to absolutely demolish the next person that raised an elbow at her rookie when going in for a check. Occasionally, Claggor would drop the mitts and level someone, just to prove to the RHL he still could. But Vi and Claggor behind closed doors discovered they had been through the same system — even shared a mandated guardian, albeit Claggor four years ahead of Vi. They had swapped stories about Vander over a mickey of vodka — again, low caloric intake — before they had fallen silent, lost in their own thoughts about the sticky, hot streets of Runeterras forgotten city.
 
  When Vander had died three years later, Claggor hadnt seen Vi at the funeral.
 
  “Still, they did a good job with the branding, you know? The Sumprats. Thats just fucking perfect. I loved hearing that. RHL has fucked up a few times — the Void Stars and the Lone Stars, god, what a stupid decision that was, cause now you cant call either the Stars — but Sumprats is quick and catchy. Not sure of the significance, though, but—”
 
  “Team rodents,” Claggor responded, saying his first words beyond 
  
    oh hey, Mylo
  
   since the shorter, younger skater had sat down.
 
  “Huh?”
 
  “Sumprats,” Claggor elaborated, “pack animals. They fight as a group and usually take on bigger prey.”
 
  “Oh,” Mylo nodded, frowned, and nodded again over his fourth glass of wine. “That makes a shitfuckton of sense. Pack animals. Huh. Man, thats one of the more understandable mascots in the league and — ugh, Shumira. I cant stop thinking about this. Im going to have to pack up the whole condo and get my ass on a plane. I dont know the first thing about moving cross—continent. Where the fuck do I even go to start that whole process? Like, do I call ahead and book a realtor?”
 
  Claggor never lost his realtors number when he moved to a new place. Always kept it handy so he could call and put a spot up for sale. He heard that some goons liked to just surf at a hotel room for the duration, but Claggor liked his own space, liked it to be permanent. Some part of him always hoped that whenever hed move to a new team, the move would be a long term one, a place he could settle in and settle down. He had some friends he could crash with for a week or two while he set himself up in Zaun. It had all been arranged at the end of last season, when the Axoltls made noises to Claggors agent about wanting a roster shakeup. Claggor had started packing as soon as the second syllable had left the managers mouth.
 
  “But yeah. Anyways, Clagg,” Mylo said, turning fully in his stool to look at the enforcer for the first time since hed sat down, “I heard you were the guy to go to for advice around the league.”
 
  That gave Claggor pause.
 
  “You did?”
 
  “Yeah. I mean, youve been around. Youve punched fifty percent of the current roster of RHL players in the face at least once, and the other fifty percent youve played with. Youve seen the roster — what do you make of it?”
 
  Claggor curled a large hand around his glass of wine, tucked it tighter towards his body. When Mylo didnt continue talking, clearly meant it as a not rhetorical question, Claggor glanced at him, raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Make of it as in…?”
 
  “Just, you know,” Mylo said, waving a hand, “general impressions.”
 
  “Its a good squad. Well see when we get there.”
 
  Mylo arched a brow. “Did you just give me a media answer?”
 
  Claggor sipped at his wine.
 
  “I dunno whats so hard about this, man. Im trying to figure out my next move, here. Give me something to go on.”
 
  “Well,” Claggor began, hesitating, “Vi is one of the most experienced captains in the league, so were in good hands there.”
 
  “You think shed make captain?” Mylo leapt on.
 
  Claggor shrugged. “Its either her, Leona, or Graves, and Graves is a goalie.”
 
  “Fucking goalies,” they said together, and chuckled at themselves at the league wide inside joke. 
 
  “What do you think of Leona and Graves?”
 
  Claggor rubbed his jaw. “Leona can throw a mean left. Her wife is really hard to pin down in the corners, gets free a lot. Theyve never really given me much trouble — they understand the rules. Graves is — well, again, goalie. Gotta be crazy to be a goalie.”
 
  Mylo nodded, swirling his glass, seeming to track Claggors lips moving in a way that seemed uncharacteristic when pitted against the fast talking nervous rookie that had walked in here.
 
  “Its tough to say how a squad will gel until it gels, you know?” Claggor said, hesitating, smiling slightly. “Too many variables.”
 
  “I feel like Im going to be chasing Kiramman around for points,” Mylo grunted, drinking at his wine again, “I only played her twice last year but it was like she couldnt miss.”
 
  Claggors face shifted into a frown. He had next to no opinion on Caitlyn Kiramman — she didnt really operate in his sphere of influence. She followed the rules — written and unwritten — and stayed out of the way.
 
  When Claggor asked for examples from his senior enforcers, folks who were model enforcers to watch and keep note of, hed always been thrown Terri Landsmans name as a paragon of someone who upheld the Enforcer code and kept the game on track. The Lone Star was big, tough, and commanded the ice every time her blades touched it. She was considered so invaluable, even, that she was one of the few goons who were well paid and considered untradeable — nobody could get near her.
 
  Claggor played the Lone Stars in his fifth year, eager to be able to watch one of the masters at work. He knew that when a dirty play happened — especially against a star player — you had to set the tone, usually by skating up to the other teams enforcer and explaining that youre going to need to settle the score.
 
  When one of Claggors teammates hooked Kiramman — then a second year player — to the ground near her net and the refs failed to blow the whistle, Claggor skated towards Terri during a dead puck moment, wanting to make a good impression.
 
  “That one was our bad,” Claggor said over the house music that played in the arena during commercial breaks, “how can we make it right?”
 
  Terri squinted at him. “The hook on Kiramman?”
 
  Claggor nodded.
 
  She laughed, clapped his back. “No worries. Totally an accident.”
 
  Claggor frowned, and the house music stopped. Confused, Claggor skated back to his position for the puck drop, his eyes drifting over to the Lone Star rookie, jersey covered in powdered ice. He knew what would happen now, could see it unfolding in slow motion.
 
  As soon as you set the tone that you werent going to protect your star, the other team would consider it open season to do whatever they wanted. Kiramman was slashed, hooked, elbowed, knocked to the ice time and again. Each time, Terri Landsman never approached him to make it right, never dropped the mitts to defend her.
 
  When another Lone Star got clipped by a too—high stick in the neutral zone nearing the third period, Landsman skated right on up to Claggor, scowl set in place.
 
  “We have to do this now, big guy,” she said, “that was clearly dirty.”
 
  “I thought we were letting it run,” Claggor responded, gesturing to Kiramman.
 
  “The fuck gave you that idea? Who taught you to enforce?” Landsman spat back.
 
  Claggor watched her for a long moment, sizing her up.
 
  “You want to make the high sticking right?” Claggor asked for clarification, making her say it.
 
  “The high sticking,” Landsman confirmed, “your girl just slapped my winger in the helmet. You at the same game I am?”
 
  “Apparently not,” Claggor said, and skated back to the faceoff circle.
 
  When the puck dropped, Claggor had thrown his gloves to the ice, and he and Landsman had done what enforcers do.
 
  Claggor snapped out of his memories to size Mylo up, thinking about Kiramman, about being chased around.
 
  “Whats your bead on Kiramman?” Claggor asked.
 
  “Shes one 
  
    bad
  
   mother,” Mylo said, grinning, “I want to be her when I grow up. You?”
 
  Claggor drained his glass of wine.
 
  “I think she hasnt had a decent enforcer in her career,” he responded, signalling for another glass, “and it may be the reason shes only had one good—
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  September Part One: Doors
 
  
    You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, and rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave, win or lose. — Gordie Howe
  
 
  “Four weeks minimum,” Doctor Lansbury was saying as she studied a clipboard in front of Vi, keeping her eyes on the pages and not the twin surgical scars that ran up Vis knee.
 
  Vi frowned at the news. “The brace can stay off?”
 
  “It can stay off,” the doctor confirmed, “but youre not cleared for equipment practices. You can lace them up, but we want to see how the muscle reacts to stress before you start throwing shoulders again.
 
  Vi sighed, running her hand through her pink hair. “The season starts in four weeks, doc. I have to be out there by then.”
 
  Lansbury raised her gaze to regard Vi over her glasses, stern and firm. She was youngish, blonde with blue eyes, sharp features. Vi was suddenly acutely aware of how long itd been since shed left Kirammans hotel room.
 
  “Knee injuries,” the doctor said, pulling the clipboard closer to her chest, “are fickle and take a long time to heal. If you were a random joe off of the street Id tell you youd need months. Youve been taking good care of it, and its healing nicely, but if we rush this we risk compromising you permanently, instead of for the time being.”
 
  Vi nodded, scratched at her ear, trying to give the appearance of someone sufficiently chastised.
 
  “Two surgeries,” Lansbury continued when the ruse failed, “in three years is a lot of strain. Youre going to feel it a lot more this season if you dont take it easy. If you injure it again, it stands a high likelihood of ending your career.”
 
  Vi sobered at that, stopped scratching, pressed her palms to the pleather seat of the examination table.
 
  “I had a good run,” Vi muttered halfheartedly, trying and failing to reach for levity.
 
  “I wouldnt know,” Lansbury responded, “Im more of a football gal myself. Stay out of the pads, keep skating to basic drills, avoid stopping hard. Build the muscle slowly. The safer we play this, the sooner youll be back out there.”
  
  Legs pumping, arms swinging, Vi took the turns at one end of the Sumprats rink with her body contorted at a thirty degree angle, keeping her feet moving slightly to maintain balance and momentum. She rounded the curve, stick in hand to get used to the weight again, and pushed herself up the length of the ice, sweat adorning her snapback—adorned brow. She was dressed in workout gear and her skates, hockey gloves on to handle her stick, silver chain around her neck that kept bouncing against her compression tee.
 
  The air in the Sumprats rink was chilly, the atmosphere of an empty arena at 7:15 in the morning making each stride she made echo lightly, making her feel like she was center stage. It was moments like this, when she was racing around by herself with a team logo in the middle of the ice and advertisements blurring by her on the boards, that she most felt like a professional hockey player. No lights, no crowds, just her working on her craft, skating as fast as her legs could take her.
 
  Dr. Lansburys face was in her mind as she dug her blades into the ice and twisted sideways, a hard stop that made her knee sing, made her stagger a bit and shake it out as she glided on one skate for a moment, grunting.
 
  “Oh,” came a prim and proper voice, and Vi looked up — of course — to spot Kiramman, dressed in a brand new looking practice jersey, her lower body in pads.
 
  “Morning, Cupcake,” Vi sang, putting her bad wheel back to the ice and shifting so she was skating backwards, keeping her eyes on the other woman who was hovering by the Away team bench door, “guess we had the same idea this morning.”
 
  “I dont mean to intrude,” Kiramman responded, even as she unlatched the door and stepped onto the ice, reaching behind her to pull a bucket of pucks out.”
 
  “Well, you are, so,” Vi said back. Kiramman nodded, shrugged, and carried on with her drill setup.
 
  Vi made a show of continuing to skate around, ignoring the twinge in her knee as she did so, and watched Kiramman dump the bucket of pucks onto the ice and stick handle them into position one at a time at the blue line, about a foot apart. Vi watched as she skated backwards, bent low, stick trailing in front of her, imagining a three on one, a two on one, cutting off imaginary angles and jumping passing lanes as Kiramman used her stick to adjust each puck perfectly, making them all slightly offset.
 
  Then, Kiramman skated to one side and began slapping them all at the empty net — one at a time, the rhythmic gunshot of stick meeting rubber and ice echoing throughout the auditorium they had, the centre stage that they both shared. Each puck that Kiramman fired hit iron — the ping of nothing but post. At first, Vi thought she was missing, and badly, until the black marks of rubber began to leap out against the red iron — line after line working their way up the left post, across the crossbar, and down the right.
 
  Kiramman wasnt missing. She was right on target, aiming for the bars of the net versus the net itself.
 
  Vi didnt realise that Kiramman was done until she caught the taller womans gaze as she skated around idly, collecting the little rubber discs to reset.
 
  “Pretty neat parlor trick,” Vi grunted out, pausing in her skating to rub at the back of her bum knee.
 
  “Thanks,” Kiramman said without a hint of acknowledgement at Vis sarcasm, lining the pucks up again along the blue line. The silence stretched between them, made Vis skin itch. She glided over towards the boards to lean on them and stretch her hamstring out, feeling the ache and relief of the underused muscle giving in.
 
  “How did yesterday go?” Vi asked, to fill the silence.
 
  Kiramman paused, glancing up at her. “Are you always this chatty when you come here?”
 
  Vi shrugged. “Never shared it with anyone before.”
 
  “Ah. Well, this may come as a surprise to you, but I come to the rink this early to have less noise while I work.”
 
  Vi nodded. “It went that badly, huh?”
 
  Kiramman huffed, blowing a strand of hair that had worked its way loose of her ponytail out of her face. “No. I dont know. It went fine. Claggor seems nice.”
 
  “Clags the best enforcer in the business.”
 
  “He knew immediately that picking him up from the airport was your idea. He was also the first of our new teammates to not comment on the co—captains thing.”
 
  Vi rolled the way Kiramman said teammates over again in her brain — like it was two words separated by miles, team—space—mates. The clipped, Piltie accent made Vi want to see Kiramman saying words like 
  
    chirp
  
   and 
  
    tilly
  
  , or other ridiculous meathead hockey player slang.
 
  Kiramman probably called a fight a match or something stupid.
 
  “How was Mylo?” Vi asked.
 
  Kiramman laughed lightly. “Blunt. He wants 30 goals this season so he can get out of Zaun.”
 
  “Yeah, I dont blame him,” Vi said, “the second contract is rough for a lot of people.”
 
  Kiramman hummed quietly in agreement. They both knew they were talking out of their ass — both of them had their second contract secured long before it had been a source of anxiety. Still, theyd both been around to witness plenty of rookies get thanked for their time and shown the door without ever sniffing a second stint in the RHL.
 
  Apparently talking time was put on hold as Kiramman began to go down the line of pucks again, and this time Vi made no secret that she was watching, leaning back against the boards and drinking Kirammans form in. It was a picture perfect shooting motion, the wind up large due to Kirammans height, the shot quick and snappy due to her skill. Kirammans eyes narrowed, her whole being locked in on her target as stick and iron rang out — 
  
    whap—ping, whap—ping, whap—ping
  
  . That pesky strand of hair joined a few neighbours as they worked themselves free of her pony and began to dangle against her slightly damp forehead, a bottom incisor poking out to gently crease Kirammans top lip.
 
  Vi had been the subject of that much focus and attention — on road games and home games, in victory and defeat. She had gotten so used to seeing those dark blue eyes staring at her, intent, focused on her reactions, cataloguing her every gasp and whimper for later, efficient use. Vi bit her own lip with the memory, mirroring Kirammans pose as Kirammans gaze darted towards Vi, dipped down to where the shorter womans teeth were making their own grooves.
 
  The last two shots went wide, and Vi snorted as Kiramman straightened, huffed, and swiped at her rebellious hair.
 
  “Youre staring, Wickett,” Kiramman huffed out, turning to face Vi fully.
 
  Vi shrugged. “We were chatting. Eye contact is polite.”
 
  Kirammans gaze narrowed. The pucks continued to slide all over the ice, uncollected by Kiramman as the two captains stared each other down.
 
  “Given any more thought on where youre going to live?” Vi asked, innocently enough. There was a deepness to her voice that was unintentional, but it was probably from the skating session earlier.
 
  Kiramman didnt move, didnt respond at first, just brushed her hair back with her gloved hands again. Her gaze was roving across Vis face so blatantly that Vi swore she could 
  
    feel
  
   the tracks it was leaving.
 
  “The options the realtor gave me seem so…” Kiramman started, trailed off. Vi had connected her with one of the more high and mighty realtors, the ones who wouldnt stick her in a duplex in one of Zauns more 
  
    crime—vulnerable
  
   areas. Vi always bristled when she heard the term — relegating an entire people to how they impacted crime stats.
 
  “Yeah, theyre far drives,” Vi said, shifting her weight from one foot to the next — okay, more like shifting it away from her bad leg. Shed really overdone it, would need to put ice on it today. Shit. “But at least theres no risk to you.”
 
  Kiramman arched an eyebrow at that, glanced down at her six foot three frame.
 
  Okay, yeah. Fair point.
 
  “Theyre just looking out for you,” Vi said, “youve got some dollars in the bank, youre a risk. Theyve dealt with high rollers buying low before — just want to make sure youre comfortable.”
 
  “Where are 
  
    you
  
   living?” Kiramman asked, pointedly.
 
  Vi shrugged. “Probably nearby.”
 
  “Youve got just as many dollars in the bank as me.”
 
  “Im local.”
 
  Kiramman rolled her eyes, lifted a shoulder. “Do you really think that if I bought property closer to downtown, Id be a robbery risk or something, just because Im not local?”
 
  Vi hesitated, shook her head. “I dont think so. I think people expect 
  
    you
  
   to think that.”
 
  “Im not driving an hour to practise every day through a gate,” Kiramman said, skating back towards the blue line to reset her shooting drill, “if you say its safe to set up closer. No matter what some realtor says.”
 
  Vi shrugged again. “Whatever blows your skirt up, cupcake.”
 
  Kiramman stiffened, turned to glare at Vi. “Dont call me that.”
 
  “You like it,” Vi said, smirking.
 
  Kiramman didnt deign to respond, just began setting pucks up one at a time, then glided backwards towards centre ice. Vi watched her move, feeling dumb and slow by comparison — the grace of natural gift and the ruthless practice blended to make Kirammans form truly beautiful, a staple of how to skate, shoot, pass. Kirammans dark blue eyes locked onto the puck, then drifted to the net, waited for a moment.
 
  “Youre staring again,” Kiramman said from her position at the centre faceoff circle, not sparing Vi a glance.
 
  Vi licked dry lips. “Nothing else around to watch.”
 
  “Hows the leg?”
 
  Vi leaned back against the boards again, the picture of casual. “Fine. Brace is off, feels good to skate again.”
 
  “I imagine itll be some time before youre cleared for equipment.”
 
  “What makes you say that?”
 
  “Youre not putting weight on it,” Kiramman said, and shot forwards, slapped a puck into the net, and skated backwards just as quickly before darting in for the next puck. The rhythm of it, the way she moved backwards and switched to forwards in a split second, had the rink echoing with 
  
    whap, skshh skshh skshh, whap, skshh skshh skshh
  
  . Her ponytail bobbed as she worked her way down the line, long legs extending and retracting as she fired puck after puck after puck.
 
  Vi had played against Kiramman for a long, long time — had probably spent more time on the ice facing off against Kiramman than with any of her teammates. It was only now, in the silence of the arena, just the two of them, that Vi could appreciate how 
  
    good
  
   at this Kiramman was.
 
  She was very, very good.
 
  Kiramman missed two of her shots and grunted in displeasure at the drills end, chasing down a few straggler pucks and gently passing them back towards the net, doing tight little figure eights on her skates as she did so. When she was finished, she lazily made her way towards Vi, eyes locked on her own.
 
  “Had to do some staring of your own if you noticed I wasnt putting weight on it,” Vi finally replied.
 
  Kiramman leaned against the boards next to Vi, forearm pressed to the glass. “Anyone can see it. Vi, if you overdo a knee injury—”
 
  “I know, mom,” Vi said, rolling her eyes, “I know the risks.”
 
  “Then you should head back. Standing on it this long may have already hurt the recovery process.”
 
  “So said Doctor Lansbury. You had your checkup yet?”
 
  “Mines at eleven,” Kiramman responded.
 
  “Youll like her. Looks 
  
    very
  
   nice in a lab coat.” Vi waggled her brows beneath her cap, making Kiramman roll her eyes. Kiramman pressed her second forearm into the glass so she was facing outwards, taking in the empty seats, red and black coloured. There were empty rafters  above them, room for championship banners, retired jerseys. Vi watched with her as the two regarded the rink theyd call home ice for the upcoming campaign.
 
  “Im picking up Diana and Leona today,” Kiramman said idly, “youve got Thresh and Poppy, and then everyones here.”
 
  “Team dinner after the first practice next week,” Vi recited, grinning a little. Kiramman had taken to the captaincy well, especially the organisational aspects of the duty. Which happened to be Vis least favourite part.
 
  “Dont fuck your knee up, Wickett,” Kiramman said, still gazing out at the stands as Vis eyes drifted to her face, taking in the thin scar on her cheek, the way her eyebrows were ever so slightly asymmetrical, “we need you.”
 
  “Course you do,” Vi responded, deciding to mirror Kirammans pose and gaze outwards, “nobody on this squad can defend worth a shit.”
 
  “Im serious,” Kiramman said, “well lean on you a lot. If you work yourself too hard, well be in trouble.”
 
  “Im serious too,” Vi said, morosely, “you guys suck at defending. We have a lot of work to do.”
 
  Kiramman huffed, annoyed, and shook her head as she pushed off and skated away, muttering 
  
    why do I bother
  
   as she went. Vi hesitated, squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, and turned her head to follow Kirammans movement.
 
  “Its my best shot in a while,” Vi called over her shoulder, “at the Finals. The roster, the coach—” you, “— a GM who gives a shit. I cant fuck it up. I have to be ready.”
 
  The sound of Kirammans blades on the ice paused as she coasted for a moment, before the response came out:
 
  “You will be. But not if you push yourself.”
 
  
    Whap—ping
  
   went the stick and the puck, and Vi skated towards the exit.
  
  The Vaunite wind blew over Vis backwards ballcap, warm and sticky, as she pulled up to the house she grew up in, killed the engine at the curb, watched the dark windows with hesitant, guarded eyes. 
 
  It had been a busy day of picking up new teammates, answering twenty questions, sending them itineraries and answering questions. The entire time she was Captain Vi, the unflappable, devil—may—care hockey star who had risen the ranks from nearly last picked in the draft to Vironfist leader. The role was an easy one to play when she spent most of her professional existence perfecting the mannerisms and re—writing the lines.
 
  After shed gotten her teammates settled, she had some free time, time enough that her conscience finally got its claws in her, directed her to move. No more flights to be at the airport for, no more helping Kiramman with the realtors and showing restaurants and doctor appointments — just her childhood home between her and the start of the season. 
 
  The awnings were painted a new colour — dark blue, popping out against the cherry red brick of the exterior and stained by some time in the sun — and a garden had been started using three  railroad wood pieces to form a square, the soil black and rich. The whole thing was flanked by two hedges that could use a trim, standing out of an overgrown lawn and a rotting front porch that didnt appear much different.
 
  Vi hesitated, sighed, and popped her driver door open of her little convertible, slammed it shut and adjusted her cap over her eyebrows. Kiramman had had to fold herself damn near in half to fit into the little coupe, but her hair escaping in the wind had been well worth the price of admission — that and her terrified expression as Vi drove the way only a native Zaunite could.
 
  She crossed the lawn in four big strides, passing where a beat up white minivan was peeling in the driveway, moisture gathering beneath it. Her feet instinctively dodged the creaking spots in the wooden porch, took note of the scratched out V in what used to be V, V, P on the mailbox, and knocked on the screen door with two knuckles.
 
  Part of her wanted there to be no answer. Part of her desperately wanted to give up on this whole idea and race back to the car and peel off in tire smoke. That part of her jerked to a standstill when the door opened and Powders face — thinner, eyes baggier, standing two heads taller than Vi remembered — appeared at the door.
 
  Her younger sister pressed a hand to her hip, cocked it lightly, and stared at Vi with eyes that were mirrors of her own.
 
  The two regarded each other — musclebound Vi and scrawny, lithe Powder, the thin mesh metal of the door the only thing separating them as Powders gaze slowly and surely marched up Vis body, face distorting into something akin to surprise, followed quickly by disgust.
 
  “Pow,” Vi began.
 
  “So,” Powder cut her off, voice clipped, “it takes a trade to get you to come crawling back.”
 
  “Yeah, sorry. I shouldve called ahead.”
 
  “You shouldve called,” Powder corrected. “You shouldve called at any point. You shouldve done a lot of things, Vi.”
 
  “I was hoping—”
 
  “Yeah, I bet.” Powder responded. “A little too late for hopes, Vi.”
 
  Vi sighed, rubbing a hand over her forehead. “I just came to see you. Just wanted to know how you are.”
 
  “So you, what, get attached to a Zaun hockey team and suddenly remember I exist again?”
 
  “I didnt forget you existed,” Vi muttered.
 
  “Youve made a great impression of someone who did. And now that Hockey has made it convenient for you to come by, thats what you do.”
 
  “I just — look,” Vi said, quietly, “I wanted to do this in person, not over the phone.”
 
  “Do what?”
 
  “I know that Dad— that Vander didnt have this place fully paid off yet. I was wondering if you needed some help with—”
 
  “Fuck you, Vi,” Powder responded, looking hurt, looking 
  
    furious
  
  , and slammed the inner door shut like a gunshot.
 
  Vi exhaled, staring at the patio beneath her feet, shaking her head lightly.
 
  “I deserved that,” she muttered, and headed back to her little coupe, shoulders heavy, knee singing.
  
  Kiramman opened the door at eleven at night, and Vi raised her head, a little sloppily, a little on edge. 
 
  “So,” Vi said, trying to keep the slur out of her voice, “October, huh?”
 
  Kiramman was dressed in a sleep shirt and shorts, bare from her thigh downwards. Her hair was kinked, like shed been lying down right before swinging the door wide, her hotel bed linens still frumpy and mussed from her body. Kirammans head cocked as her eyes danced from pupil to pupil, scanning the pages of Vis eyes, reading every emotion barely held down beneath snark and slightly too much booze and a tough, can—do attitude.
 
  “Because, it isnt October,” Vi continued, but the frivolous tone of her voice, the snideness, was gone. Erased under the weight of a sister who may not love her anymore — the gunshot of a closing inner door. Devastated by seeing a family home she couldnt wait to escape, a father figure she tried to prove wrong, his death before she could.
 
  She was just Vi, now — lost, a little afraid, the same eighteen year old kid who stared at Kiramman accepting an award and thought she had everything.
 
  It was a tough moment — a moment of standing near a ledge, looking out over the horizon, and only having Kirammans eyes to cling to.
 
  “Im — ah, this is a bad…” Vi trailed off, rocking back on her heels, shifting to look down the hall — back towards her own room.
 
  “Come in,” Kiramman — 
  
    Caitlyn
  
   — said abruptly, and pushed the door a little wider at the quizzical look Vi shot her, something accepting — something 
  
    comprehending
  
   — on her features.
 
  Vi shouldve refused, in hindsight.
 
  Vi would never have refused, in honesty.
 
  Vi stepped over the threshold, brushing past K—Caitlyn as she did so, and the hotel door clicked shut.




  
  “So who wheeled who?” Poppy asked, a beer tipped back to her furry lips as she squinted good—naturedly at Diana. Leona grinned over her water, turning her gaze to her pale blonde companion, waiting to hear her wifes answer to a question shed fielded over and over again.
 
  Diana tipped her head to the side, regarded Poppy with an affected, bored air, making a whole production out of the consideration of the question. “Who do you think wheeled who?”
 
  Poppy squinted from her stool, her legs dangling idly in midair as she glanced between the two women. She was well built beneath her cropped leather jacket, a tank top beneath that said Ask me about my feminist agenda in bold black brush—stroke font. The beer she was rolling from hand to hand as she pondered her response had a duck on the label — a local brew. Poppy had declared as she sat down that you only started to get to know a city by its local brewskies, and was working her way down the drink list.
 
  “I think,” Poppy declared, turning towards Thresh seated on her right, “we need to open this up for deliberation. Thresh, what do you think?”
 
  The tall and gangly forward lifted his shoulders beneath his red button—up shirt, aviators pressed into his straight black hair. The scars around his mouth and face gave him a skull—like visage, burn scars from an accident when he was a kid around his familys barn. Hed leaned into the skull motif since going pro, his dark tinted facemask adorned with the outline of an evil—looking bone mask surrounded by green flame.
 
  “Diana got wheeled,” Thresh said, voice scratchy, near a whisper.
 
  Diana scoffed, pointing at Thresh with two fingers. “Rude.”
 
  “Is it rude?” Poppy wondered loudly, finishing off the last dregs of her wobbly pop, “If it is I agree, honestly. You vibe as someone who got taken down hard.”
 
  Leona slid her smirking gaze towards her wife, long fingers managing to slide beneath Dianas denim jacket, rub lightly at the strip of skin between Dianas shirt and jeans. The skin erupted slowly in goosebumps, was slightly cold to the touch. Dianas pale fingers worked their way behind her back to touch at Leonas palm, inviting the larger woman to squeeze them. They shared this secret moment, away from the prying gaze of their new teammates.
 
  “
  
    I
  
   did the wheeling,” Diana said, smugly, “Leona never had a chance.”
 
  Poppy and Thresh chuckled as Dianas hand squeezed hard at Leonas, the older woman rolling her eyes lightly as she took a long drink of water, set it back on the bartop.
 
  “You were insufferable. An absolute fuckboi.”
 
  “You 
  
    liked
  
   that about me,” Diana chided, and Leona didnt argue.
 
  Around them, Zaunites mingled, the telltale white noise of a busy bar slowly rising around them. They got their share of looks — the roster of the Sumprats having been public for nearly three weeks at this point — but for the most part the people of Zaun kept their distance, content to observe the four new players of their newly minted team. Poppys invitation for drinks had been extended to the entire team, but most of their new teammates were busy with unpacking, moving families, generally unwinding in a brand new city with brand new restaurants, transit schedules, entertainment. The real team mixer was to take place after their first practice, as a way to get to know the whole staff and team at once.
 
  Leona suspected that Poppy knew all of this, and based on the stiff way Thresh held his shoulders, she doubted that the man did well in large crowds. This smaller gathering before the big gathering was likely for his benefit as well as anyones.
 
  “So,” Poppy said, grinning, “whats it like being free of the glass bowl?”
 
  Diana exhaled lightly, and Leona laughed mirthlessly. “The Wild Cats were good to us,” Leona responded, shrugging her shoulders. “I guess they needed Diana off the books.”
 
  “Youre the one with the no—trade clause,” Diana fired back, “they probably wanted to move your slow ass for the last three seasons.”
 
  Leona responded by flicking Dianas ear, turning back to Poppy, her hand moving from Dianas back to her thigh. “It feels like a fresh start, honestly. I dont know much about the GM, but Sevikas a legend, obviously. It felt like Targon had done everything it could.”
 
  “Window closed,” Diana muttered, and the four of them nodded somberly.
 
  The Window was a phrase often uttered in the league — wheres your window of opportunity, what can we do to extend our window, is the window closing. Sports pundits loved to shout that the window was closed when something big happened — a big injury, a huge trade, a giant suspension. With so many spinning plates, teams had to wait for a perfect opportunity, when their star players were old enough to be experienced but not old enough to be washed, when their role players accepted what they needed to do and could execute, when their coaches had built up enough consistency and chemistry that the team heeded their every whim. That would only last for so long — injuries happened, retirements happened, trades happened. Teams needed to capitalise, and capitalise fast. 
 
  The Targon Wild Cats didnt have windows so much as openings with bars on them, and the fans seemed to know it — they hadnt had a winning season in three years.
 
  But theyd given Leona more than a winning season; theyd given her Diana.
 
  “It doesnt matter,” Leona said, sipping from her water again. “Backcheck, forecheck, paycheck.”
 
  Diana rolled her eyes as Thresh raised both eyebrows.
 
  “Youre not still hungry?” Thresh asked.
 
  “You dont want a ship?” Poppy clarified, pointing a thumb at Thresh. “He calls it the hunger.”
 
  “Sure,” Leona said, lifting both hands palm—up, “Id love a boat, dont get me wrong. But at the moment my priorities are my wife and my livelihood. Cant be a hockey player forever.”
 
  “I respect that,” Poppy nodded, “gunning for boats takes a lot out of a girl.”
 
  “Boats?” Diana asked, brows furrowing.
 
  “Boat, ship. Championship,” Poppy clarified, then chuckled, shaking her head, “forgot that you didnt grow up with the lingo.”
 
  Diana nodded, glancing at Leona before letting out a long, beleaguered sigh. “Id do anything for a fuckin boat.”
 
  “Shes still young, this one,” Leona intoned gravely, patting a hand on Dianas shoulder, “she doesnt know the ways yet.”
 
  “Im a year younger than you,” Diana responded with a hip bump, “not a decade. I think you just got down in the dumps being sandbagged on a bad team for too many years. Maybe the Sumprats will kick it into gear.”
 
  Leona scoffed around her water, getting Poppys attention — the Yordles ears perking up.
 
  “Not a fan of the roster?” Poppy asked.
 
  Leona shrugged. “I have my doubts, yeah.”
 
  “She thinks Kiramman is a dud,” Diana said.
 
  Threshs eyebrows rose impossibly higher. Poppys ears twitched.
 
  “Not a dud,” Leona said, glaring at her wife, “you cant think Kirammans a dud. Shes arguably the best in the league. I think shes a bad teammate.”
 
  Poppy leaned closer. “Dish.”
 
  Leona hesitated, set her now empty glass down, and rolled her shoulders. “I dont want to like, talk shit — Ive never talked to the girl. But Ive known Landsman for a long time and she says that Kirammans straight up a cancer in the locker room.”
 
  “Classic rich girl behavior,” Diana said, dropping her voice to match Landsmans growl, “thinks shes better than anyone, doesnt come to team dinners, doesnt pass the puck. Great talent, no work ethic. You can tell her mommas the queen shit of the city.”
 
  Poppy pointed at Diana with her beer bottle in hand. “That was excellent.”
 
  “Landsmans a dick,” Diana said in her regular speaking voice, “and has the table manners of a gorilla. What would she know about what makes a good teammate?”
 
  “Shes been an enforcer a long time,” Leona sighed out, rehashing the same little bicker that Diana and her always had about this particular topic, “wears the C on her chest. You dont get to be the cap of a team like the Lone Stars without knowing a thing or two. I trust her judgement.”
 
  Thresh cleared his throat lightly, spun his jack and coke on the bartop quietly. “I liked her.”
 
  Diana leaned forwards. “Who, Landsman?”
 
  Thresh shook his head. “No, Kiramman. She ran a camp when I was still junior A. Really helped me with my handle. Seemed kind of awkward, quiet, but friendly enough, smart as hell.”
 
  “I was at Landsmans camp, too,” Leona defended quietly, but the surety had left her voice, “when I was a rookie. She taught me how to bury a shoulder, how to protect your teammates.”
 
  Thresh shrugged. “Maybe we make up our mind after the first practice.”
 
  “I hear shes got the C,” Poppy said, looking at Leona.
 
  Leona frowned. “Wickett got the C, I heard.”
 
  “Yeah,” Diana threw in, “itd be nuts if Kiramman got it over Wickett. Wicketts been a captain forever.”
 
  Thresh smiled down at his drink, took a slow sip. “Im looking forward to it, either way.”
 
  Poppy grinned at him, and Leonas gaze softened as she took the two of them in. Poppy was a Yordle, the first in the RHL, a species known for being small, cute, and more tinkerers than brawlers. Her being drafted by Freijlord was seen as a publicity stunt to the notoriously empty arena, visitors from other cities not wanting to make the trip to frigid Freijlord just to take in a game played on ice. Poppy had been doubted her entire career, by her own fans and the media, the talking point of can you win with a Yordle circulating and ever present over her head.
 
  Thresh was similar — an injury from a car accident sustained when he was 17 permanently affecting the way he walked, shot, spoke. Before the accident he was a phenom, a prospect that could come in and change everything in the league. After the accident he was considered a role player, a hard hitter and a good shot blocker but not much else in the way of skills.
 
  The two of them bonding made sense, their little island of misfit toys, used to and comfortable with the doubting.
 
  Leona imagined the roster of the Sumprats — its own isle of misfit toys — of players, coaches, and a GM that nobody had believed in, all coming together.
 
  “Me too, weirdly,” Leona said, cutting a smile Threshs way. “At the very least, itll be interesting, and I still get paid to play the game I love.”
 
  “You still want a boat so bad,” Diana accused, grinning, “youre not fooling anyone.”
 
  “Im over it. I believe—”
 
  “You want a boat so bad that it makes you look stupid.”
 
  “I believe in being realistic,” Leona fired back, glaring at Diana, “and Im more than willing to be wrong, but there is such a low chance of us doing anything of note. Were probably only going to be together the one year, were going to all try to prove our worth to either the Sumprats, or another organisation, and were all going to either shake up the roster entirely after the seasons out, or go our separate ways. Were built for what we are — a first year expansion team. Were built to have flexible salary cap and trade options to build up for next year. I dont think this year can even be considered part of the Sumprats window.”
 
  Diana smirked, looked her wife in the eyes, and pointed at her with the coaster shed been fiddling with on the bartop. “Remind me of this conversation in April, when were playoff bound.”
 
  Leona rolled her eyes.
 
  Poppy grinned. “Sounds like Diana believes that we can get a boat.”
 
  “I believe in proving my wife wrong,” Diana announced, slinging an arm over Leonas shoulders to the laughter of the larger woman, “and I believe that we can win the whole damn thing.”
 
  Leona ruffled her wifes hair, grinned at Thresh and Poppy raising their glasses in a toast, and thought — really tried to remember — when she last shared the sentiment of thinking that she, or her team, could ever truly make a—
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  September Part Two: Windows.
 
  
    “When you win, say nothing. When you lose, say less.”
  
 
  
    Paul Brown
  

  
  

  The Zaun Sumprats were a loose collection of stretching practice jerseys pulled tight over shoulderpads, a riot of colour — reds and black fabrics marred with paint from the boards and tiny fraying holes from bodies crashing into one another. They resembled a beer league hockey team instead of the professional athletes they were, a strangely equalising experience — in the practice rink, nobody was the highest paid stud on the roster or the 15th person on the bench on a 2 day contract. They were all wearing the same shitty jerseys.
 
  Caitlyn was dressed in a long T—shirt that said 
  
    Pow!
  
   on it, her warmup shirt that had graduated from sleep shirt. Her usual gear was left behind in Piltover in her haste to leave, her father hadnt found the time or inclination to send it over just yet. Adding to the complication is that she didnt exactly have an address to send her stuff to, and the hotel room was only so big.
 
  She was pressing her stick to the ice, stretching each of her legs out in the splits with her toes pointed outwards when Vi, dressed in a Sumprats windbreaker, long pants, and a sideways snapback, slid to a stop in front of her. She didnt say anything at first, just looked down at her, eyes aloof.
 
  Caitlyn met her gaze for a few moments, then looked back down at the ice, pressing herself a little deeper. “What do you need, Wickett?” she asked, voice too loud to be casual.
 
  “Just checking in,” Vi responded, easily, “itll be your first practice as a captain, and youll be without me, so.”
 
  “What are you,” Caitlyn asked, pushing herself up so her legs could straighten, then bending herself back in the cobra pose, her stick still pressed to the ice, “an apparition?”
 
  Vi rolled her eyes. “I mean, its different than actually being on the ice. I wanted to know if you needed any pointers.”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, opened her mouth to respond, and then was interrupted by:
  
    
    
  

  “Fuck, Poppers,” Mylos voice rang out from the tunnel as the youngest Sumprat took to the rink, skating backwards in front of the yordle as she coasted, talking to Thresh, “I didnt know we were looking for a mascot on this squad.”
 
  “Funny talking about mascots coming from the troll doll,” Poppy fired back, “you need Columbus help finding your comb, or what?”
 
  “I bet they only brought you on to save a plane ticket,” Mylo mused, “store you in the carry on compartment.”
 
  “They wont need one for you, were better off leaving your ass back here.”
 
  Mylo cackled, and Poppys grin split open on her face, the two clapping gloves.
 
  “Its great to see you, you piece of shit,” Poppy crooned as Mylo skated by, grin fixed in position.
 
  “You as well. Fuck, hey, cap!” Mylo called, skating towards Vi and Caitlyn, “you 
  
    starting
  
   hurt for a change of pace?”
 
  “Mylo,” Vi greeted, “Ive eaten breakfast more times this morning than youve played games in the show. Simmer down.”
 
  Mylo chuckled, looked down at Caitlyn, and raised his brows. “You trying out for cirque du soleil, cap? Got some goop products to sell me?”
 
  “Hello, Mylo,” Caitlyn responded. Vi shot her an unreadable look even as Mylo nodded, flicked two fingers in a salute, and skated towards centre ice to begin his own stretches. His voice carried over the rest of the rink when he said 
  
    Illaoi, what, the WWE fire your ass?
  
   and took his place next to the large defender.
 
  “So pointers?” Vi asked quietly, and Caitlyn looked up at her, shook her head.
 
  “Rest your leg,” Caitlyn responded, “thats the best way to help us.”
  
  “Im Sevika,” Coach said, feet shuffling back and forth lightly on her skates as the team took a knee all around her. Vi and Caitlyn were the closest to her, kneeling side by side — Vi looking naked without a helmet or pads, Caitlyn fully geared up, visor popped up and a light sweat coating her body. She felt good — warm, ready to go.
 
  “I have two major rules, and a bunch of minor rules. Well all get along just swimmingly if you can follow em. Rule number one, respect each other. Your teammates, your coaches, your trainers — me. If you have an issue with someone, speak to Wickett, Kiramman, or your assistant captains. If you have an issue with one of those people, speak to me. Were going to spend a lot of time in each others pockets, so dont let shit fester. You got an issue, weve got a solve. We clear on rule one?”
 
  Caitlyn saw Leona and Diana give each other a glance as Caitlyns surname came from Sevikas mouth, watched Claggor give her a fierce nod, saw Riven and Darius lean close and whisper to one another.
 
  “Sorry,” Sevika said, “I asked if were clear?”
 
  “Yes coach!” burst out of the assembled crew, punctuated by Mylo murmuring you betcha.
 
  “Rule two,” Sevika said, “is we play to win.”
 
  Sevika began skating among them, locking eyes with each and every one of her assembled team. “Now, I know that seems obvious — a sports cliche if youve ever heard one. Play to win, oo—rah, lets go get some dubs, and all of that. But what I mean by it is extremely simple. Youre here, people, because someone 
  
    didnt
  
   want you.”
 
  Sevika skated in front of Leona for a moment, gave her a slight nod, skated away as the defenders eyes watched her back.
 
  “You got given up. Served up to a team that was eager for table scraps, wouldve taken whatever it couldve gotten. They didnt even want a draft pick for trade, a bag of pucks — nothing. You were free on the market, someone elses castoff. Someone thought you were better off on this roster than literally anything else. That should piss you off. That pisses me off.”
 
  Sevika made her way back to the centre, turned in a tight half circle, eyes smouldering as she addressed her team.
 
  “So fuck winning 
  
    games
  
  . Were here to prove a point. Were going to spend the season punishing each and every club that thought you werent good enough to wear their sweater, and were going to punish each and every GM that thinks our squad is a joke, and were going to terrorize this whole league with how they couldve had us — any of us — or nothing, and chose nothing.”
 
  Sevika grinned as Poppy let out a whoop, followed by Darius and Rivens short howls, Vis bark of agreement. Caitlyn remained stoic, watching her team come to life, lean a little closer, eyes locked on Sevikas movements. Caitlyn was a statue, passively observing what leadership looked like, feeling small, at the beginning of an impossibly long road.
 
  “Next point of order,” Sevika said, “Wickett, Kiramman, come on up.”
 
  The two women rose to stand on either side of Sevika as Sevika lifted a clipboard she held loosely in her fist to flip through an assortment of pages. “These are your captains. We all know both of them — nearing 25 years of professional hockey between them, most of it at each others throats.”
 
  That earned a laugh from everyone except Caitlyn, who continued to slide her gaze from player to player. Ekko and Graves were in full goalie pads sans the helmet, blocker and trapper, facing their direction but offset, shoulders set so they were facing away from one another slightly. Goaltender battles were legendary in the league — the battle for the starting position would be a long one, and a tiresome one, and most goaltenders didnt make for fast friends.
 
  Graves winked at her, deep wrinkles around his eyes growing deeper with the movement. He had a kind face. Caitlyn looked away.
 
  “Theyre two of the best players in the league at their positions, and theyre exactly what you group of RHL castoffs need to keep you in line. With regard to assistant captaincies, were going to go ahead and use this first two weeks of practice to establish what sort of team we are. This is your opportunity to show me what you can do for us and what your role is — you play well, youll get more time on the ice, youll get the stats and the glory and all of that stuff you may be chasing. Play like shit, ride the wood. Cut and dry. Any questions?”
 
  When there were none, Sevika flipped the clipboard around, turned to skate towards the sidelines. “Captains, introduce yourselves.”
 
  “Okay, yall know me,” Vi began, “I work hard, I dont play at all during the season. My locker rooms are respectful but theyre rowdy. I figure as long as theyre paying us, we may as well try to win some hockey games.”
 
  That earned a small chuckle. “Skate hard, do your job, and well all come out of this okay.”
 
  Vi looked to Caitlyn, and Caitlyn looked around at all of these assembled faces, raised a glove to rub at her chin. Her knees bobbed — left—right—left—right — as she tried to push the anxiety downwards, keep herself level headed and focused.
 
  “Hey. Hi. Um, Im — Caitlyn. Kiramman, obviously, as youve heard,” Caitlyn began, hesitant.
 
  There was a beat of silence, and then Ashe Arrow — a pale haired slender forward — spoke, like a call and response at alcoholics anonymous: “Hi, Caitlyn.”
 
  There was a brief chuckle, and Caitlyns face went hot.
 
  “I played with Piltover for twelve years, and — uh, looking. Looking forward to the season with you. With you all. Together.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded twice, sure her face was burning, and lapsed into uncomfortable silence. Mylo let out a quiet snicker, and was promptly thumped by Illaois glove.
 
  “Divide em up, Wickett,” Sevika called, as they all jumped to their feet, “Five on five. Lets see what were working with.”
 
  “Couldve been worse,” Vi murmured to Caitlyn before skating off to begin dividing them into teams. Caitlyn exhaled, long and slow, and skated to the home teams blue line.
  
  Sevika and Vis strategy appeared to be simple — put all the players that were known to be really good on one team, and put Caitlyn on the other with shakier prospects. Caitlyn was paired up with Illaoi on the blue line, and had Mylo and Ashe as her wingers, with Poppy as her centre and Ekko as her goaltender. She was facing down Leona and Claggor on the opposite team, as well as Graves between the pipes and Diana, Darius, and Riven as the forwards.
 
  She watched them all carefully as they moved. Diana had a beautiful way of flowing over the neutral ice that made her difficult to pinch on defense, keeping her opponents away from the puck by playing it close to her skates and moving it rapidly. Whenever she crossed centre ice, Mylo would snap at her with his shoulder, try to knock her off the puck, and she just flowed through it.
 
  Darius was all power and force by contrast, allowing anyone and everyone to put a body on him and just muscling his way through. Leona was much the same — an intimidating physical presence on the ice, constantly scanning for flaws in the attack, a true stay at home defender who ate offences for breakfast. When her and Illaoi met for a body check three minutes into the five—on—five drill, the boards were still vibrating five seconds later as the two women scrambled to their feet to chase the play.
 
  Riven was 
  
    fast
  
  , but Caitlyn noticed she didnt take care of the puck well — too eager to shoot it. Whenever Riven crossed into Caitlyns territory she found it an easy steal, and when Caitlyn funnelled her into Illaoi, the larger woman had no difficulty knocking her off of the puck. Darius and Diana were a different story, but Caitlyn enjoyed playing the shutdown defender for once.
 
  All had room to improve, but everyone on the opposing side had their games well developed, finely tuned machines. It was a matter of tweaks to their abilities, not overhauls, and Caitlyn began to enjoy absorbing the new information presented to her.
 
  As for her team, Caitlyn recognized a lot of things that could be improved upon.
 
  Mylo was inconsistent and sloppy, but tried as hard as he could to come out ahead. He also never once stopped trash talking during dead spots in the action — most of it directed at Graves, and most of the content being how old Graves was.
 
  “Graves, when you settled this great land did you find the wooden ships hard to ride?”
 
  “Hey Graves, when they invented hockey were you a Goalie then, too?”
 
  “Youd better check your diaper, graves — I think I caught a whiff on that last save.”
 
  Poppy was fierce, but slower to move and with an impressive wrister. She also never missed a check, but was hard to keep track of in the offensive zone and battled like hell for every rebound of the puck. Shed be amazing on the penalty kill, Caitlyn realised — paired up with Vi, the two of them wouldnt let a single thing past them.
 
  Illaois shot was wild and powerful, leaving many black rubber dents in the glass above the net, including at one point forcing Graves to duck out of the way of an errant clapper. She bared her teeth through her black mouthguard that made her seem like she didnt have any teeth, was intimidating to come upon on the open ice. She was a shaky passer, but she was relatively young in her defensive career and had some room to grow.
 
  The worst of the bunch for Caitlyn, though, was Ashe — who clearly thought she was really good, and had the fundamentals of someone who was good, but was shaky on all the areas it mattered.
 
  In one play in the opposing zone, Caitlyn skated the puck close to the slot, faked a slapshot that turned into a tape—to—tape pass that Ashe bobbled, the puck sailing high and careening around the net. Ashe turned to bare her teeth at Caitlyn for a moment, before wheeling around to give chase to it — the precious instants that she spent glaring totally lost as the puck was turned over for the counterattack.
 
  The next time Caitlyn had a chance, she floated the puck Ashes way, high and tight, a saucer pass that shouldve hit her in stride. Ashe sped up at the wrong moment, forced the puck to hit her skate and resulted in her trying to twist to get it, again turning it over.
 
  Ashe found Caitlyn at a dead whistle, seething.
 
  “Who the fuck taught you to pass?”
 
  “How do you like to be passed to?” Caitlyn asked in response.
 
  Ashes jaw closed, her head tilted. “What?”
 
  “I can put it on your stick however you want it — just tell me how that is. In stride, on your backhand — what?”
 
  Ashe paused, hesitated, then tapped a spot right in front of her right skate.
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn said, and skated away.
 
  The next time Caitlyn had the puck in the offensive zone, she passed up a wide open look to sail a pass right in front of Ashes right skate, a one—timer that found the back of the net in a hurry.
 
  Ashe looked up from her shot to stare at Caitlyn, who winked in response.
 
  The second time, Caitlyn saucer passed over two defenders sticks to hit Ashe in the skate blade, allowing her to scoop it up and fire a wrister over Graves shoulder that sent his water bottle spiralling.
 
  After Caitlyn bounced a pass off of the boards to get to Ashes stick, resulting in an awesome glove save by Graves to just 
  
    barely
  
   prevent her from scoring again, Ashe skated over and nudged Caitlyns shoulder.
 
  “First two may have been my bad,” Ashe said, and Caitlyn laughed.
 
  It felt good.
 
  Midway through the practice, Graves lifted his mask, looked at Caitlyn, and grinned wide.
 
  “Why you aint shootin, Kiramman? Afraid to get embarrassed?”
 
  Caitlyn didnt respond, taking the puck on the blade of her stick, handling it around Riven to get it out to Poppy. Poppy paused for a moment, looking around at the rest of the players, and they opened up a hole for her to send it right back to Caitlyns stick.
 
  Caitlyn frowned, took it, and fired a pass to Illaoi. She passed it back.
 
  Caitlyn spun away from Diana to get it to Mylos stick. He passed it back.
 
  Caitlyn was at the blue line as the defence was collapsing on her, and her practice squad teammates were all watching her, pointing towards the net as Graves dropped low into a butterfly crouch, trapper and blocker flashing, stick at the ready.
 
  “Youre insulting an old man,” Mylo called, and Caitlyn exhaled a huff, drew back, and slammed the puck home.
 
  She was straightening up before it had gone in — shed known it would. Graves was slow on his trapper side low, and it was rolling around the back of the net just before he could react. Illaoi let out a 
  
    whoop
  
   as she began to skate backwards, and Caitlyn could hear Claggor laughing.
 
  “You asked for it, bud,” Claggor called, and Graves flipped his helmet up, shaking his head, grinning.
 
  “Fuck, what a 
  
    howitzer
  
  ,” he crooned in his best impression of a hockey announcer, and the team barked in laughter.
 
  Caitlyn flushed, rolled her shoulder as coasted backwards towards her position near her own blue line, Vi entering into her periphery with a crooked grin, showing off the missing molars in the side of her mouth. Caitlyn glanced at her, shrugged awkwardly, and Vi shrugged back mockingly, making a flare of frustration shoot up Caitlyns spine, a flare that was coupled with an instant, a moment.
 
  Vis eyes in a different context.
 
  Different heat.
  
  The first few moments after Vi stepped through the door were heavy with things unsaid. Vi was clearly drunk, meaning that anything that Caitlyn would normally lean on in their interactions went out the window. As always, when it was just the two of them, Caitlyn became every inch the awkward, gangly girl that she thought she had left behind in high school and college, the teenager that got female attention by where she was going or who her mother is more than any amount of charm, or her own merits.
 
  Vi leaned back against the door, and Caitlyn fingered her sleep shirt, looked down at her bare feet. She stepped backwards to sit on the bed, looked up at the clear emotion visible in Vis eyes, shining beneath the bill of the snapback, and pushed herself to say:
 
  “You okay?”
 
  It was a start.
 
  “Not really,” Vi murmured, slurring slightly. “You ever fuck up so bad that it just kind of.”
 
  At this, Vi waved her hand ambiguously, fluttering her fingers.
 
  “You know?”
 
  Caitlyn did.
 
  “Why are you here, Vi?” Caitlyn asked, lifting a foot to the mattress, hugging her knee to her chest.
 
  Vi shrugged. “Wanted a quick fuck to help me get to sleep.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, threaded her fingers over her bare calf. “If I believed that, I might even be amenable. But thats not why youre here.”
 
  Vi rubbed a hand down her face, shook herself. “No,” she said, eventually, then, “no, its not.”
 
  Caitlyn waited as Vi said nothing, the silence a chasm between them, so large and imposing that she felt as though if she leaned forwards she would fall into it forever, be lost to the whims of a dark, endless pit.
 
  “You ever wonder,” Vi asked, then clammed up, chuckled, started again, “you ever wonder if winning is worth it?”
 
  Caitlyn cocked her head.
 
  “Like,” Vi began, “like the sacrifice? We beat the shit out of our bodies playing a childrens game, for — what reason, fame? To win? Is it worth it — all of this — just to win?”
 
  Vi exhaled, and Caitlyn watched the breath escape her lungs, watch them fill again.
 
  “Is it worth it to be immortal?” Caitlyn asked, quietly.
 
  Vis lips twisted, a frown tugging her bottom lip out to jut forwards. “Immortal?”
 
  “You win,” Caitlyn began, “your name is on the cup forever. It never gets removed. You win and you get compensated financially for your time and spiritually, because you will never die — not to the people who come after you, who play this game next.”
 
  Vi laughed. “That sounds like you wrote it beforehand.”
 
  “It… may or may not have been a paper of mine in college.”
 
  Vi smirked. “So thats why you do it? Thats why you play?”
 
  Caitlyn thought for a moment. “I think I started to play to get more comfortable in my body, do something active. My mother wanted me to dance, but I wanted something more team based, close to combat oriented. Thats why I started. Then I continued it because it pissed her off.”
 
  Vi chuckled, sliding down the doorway until she was sitting with her knees bent and out in front of her, cap suddenly off and being twirled in her fingers.
 
  “Does it still piss her off?”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged. “Not sure. I think she uses it as a conversation piece now. It doesnt matter — I do it now because I love it. No matter the situation Im in, or whats going on around me — I always have my stick. The puck weighs the same. The net never changes — its a constant.”
 
  Vi nodded, then nodded deeper. She pressed her face in her hands, rubbed her fingers over her skin, made Caitlyn hesitate, then, an invisible rope urging her forwards, she stood from the bed, moved on silent feet across the chasm of silence between them to sink to her knees between Vis thighs, Vi spreading her legs to make room until Caitlyn was right in front of her.
 
  “Are you okay, Vi?” Caitlyn asked, and Vi shook her head, wiped at her eyes, and allowed Caitlyn to pull her in for an awkward hug.
 
  Vi told her, then. The knee surgeries. The ticking time bomb that she felt she was operating in. The needing to feel like it was worth the struggle — moving away from home to be in a city and lose, year after year, until the media turned against her, the team turned against her, the fans turned against her. The constant push and pull of offseasons where you were never sure if this year was the year they got tired of your shit and sent you packing to a new team where you could wind up in a worse situation.
 
  All the while, they paid you millions to do it, so you felt like it wasnt your spot to complain.
 
  Caitlyn held her against the door, held her in her arms in the hotel room bed, listening to her broken words become steadier until they dropped off into gentle snores. Caitlyn woke Vi up twice; once to take off her clothes, again when she got up to use the bathroom — but otherwise she lay awake next to a sleeping woman and tried not to think about what this meant.
 
  Theyd never stayed the night before — not once.
 
  Caitlyn did eventually sleep, however, because in the morning, Vi was holding her pants and shirt in one hand, cringing down at Caitlyns sleepy face, watching the taller woman rub life into her eyes as she worked a bra onto her torso, tried to walk back some of the things she said.
 
  “I was drunk, and I get emotional,” Vi had said.
 
  “Caught me in a weak moment, I guess,” Vi had said.
 
  “Listen, this didnt— were not,” Vi had said.
 
  “Usually,” Caitlyn responded, irritable, “you say these things after youve fucked someone, and youre trying to quit it.”
 
  Vi paused at that, chuckled at the absurdity of the situation — apologising for 
  
    not
  
   fucking around.
 
  “So, you know,” Caitlyn said, rising to her feet, “may as well.”
 
  Vi stared into Caitlyns eyes for a full two seconds before flinging the clothes to the ground.
 
  “Until October,” Caitlyn groaned against Vis sweaty neck, naked and flush against her, body jacked halfway around Vis as her fingers buried deep in Vis pussy. Vi let out a loud, wet gasp, one large hand gripping Caitlyns hair as Caitlyns thrusts began to hurt her forearm, ropes of tension that corded up to her elbow, gathered there. She wrung another cry out of Vi with a plunging thrust, teeth sliding down to bite at Vis collarbone, her own panting moistening the skin she found there.
 
  “Until October,” Vi repeated when they were both spent, and this time Vi 
  
    had
  
   gotten dressed, tapping her snapback at Caitlyn on her way out the door.
 
  Caitlyn fell back against the bed, still naked and… messy, and counted on her fingers how long it would be until 
  
    October
  
  .
  
  Caitlyn was sitting on the bench when Illaoi came to sit beside her, exhaling a puff of breath and mopping her brow of sweat. Caitlyn was watching Thresh win a faceoff and deke the hell out of his opponent for a fast break, a small fluttering of pride in her chest as she remembered the way that Thresh came into one of her hockey camps, bright eyed and hesitant, with a shaky handle and a shakier disposition. Shed taught him how to keep his grip on his stick, how to guide the puck instead of force it. Seeing how slick he was — how creative hed become — made her smile.
 
  “Fuck,” Illaoi said, “you arent even sweating.”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged, still watching the game.
 
  “Well, we havent been properly introduced. Im Illaoi. Im a big fan.”
 
  “Thanks,” Caitlyn said, smiling absently at the larger woman before turning her attention back on the game.
 
  Illaoi paused, started over. “So youre from Piltover, huh? Lifelong?”
 
  “Sorry,” Caitlyn said, turning back to her, about to say 
  
    I need to concentrate
  
   when she saw the expression on Illaois face, the eagerness of her lean, the way she scanned Caitlyns eyes for any hint of acknowledgement.
 
  A younger Caitlyn had looked at Landsman like that.
 
  “Lifelong,” Caitlyn said, and then smiled even wider, “you hit like a mack truck. I remember.”
 
  Illaoi beamed. “Yeah? Thanks. Its my biggest strength.”
 
  “Ill say,” Caitlyn responded, laughing, “you beat the hell out of me when we played last year.”
 
  “Had to slow you down somehow,” Illaoi chuckled, rubbing at the back of her neck. Caitlyn chuckled, too, eyes drifting back to the ice. Thresh had the puck in the slot, danced with his stick, managed to send it through the goalies legs for the goal. Thresh immediately looked up at her, surprising Caitlyn with how quickly he sought her eyes.
 
  Caitlyn grinned, gave him a thumbs up, and he smiled softly through the skull on his visor, skated back to center ice.
 
  “I taught him that,” Caitlyn said conversationally, and Illaoi squirted water into her mouth, nodded in interest.
 
  “Captain,” Ashe said as she sank down next to Caitlyns on the bench, “how in the 
  
    hell
  
   did you get that shot so tuned right?”
 
  Caitlyn baulked a little, lifted both shoulders. “I didnt have much going on growing up.”
 
  “Ill say. You probably made some dents in the garage door with that howitzer.”
 
  “
  
    Howitzerrr,” 
  
  Graves crooned as he skated by the bench, that same Hockey Announcer tint to his tone. The gathered players laughed and poked at him with their sticks, making Caitlyn smile helplessly.
 
  “I made my neighbour get in net, usually,” Caitlyn responded, as Claggor scuttled by on the bench, tapping her shoulder as he went.
 
  “Good passing, captain,” he murmured, and Caitlyn swivelled to spot him, feeling a little bit dizzy at the engagement.
 
  “Cap,” Mylo skated up, “I dont know what the fuck youre doin. If I had that rifle Id never stop shooting the puck.”
 
  “Yeah, Sturnsie, you dont need to tell us,” Illaoi sniped back, thumping him in the chest.
 
  “Gravesd have a sunburn on his neck from how bad Id light him up. How come you only shot once?”
 
  “Because I dont really need to work on it,” Caitlyn replied, and earned a round of 
  
    oooooh
  
  s from the rapidly growing crowd around her.
 
  “So humble!” crowed Diana, who was also here now, apparently.
 
  “I didnt mean it like that,” Caitlyn cringed, “I just mean that practices are for working on things you cant perfect alone, like passing, stick checks, positioning. I can work on my shot at morning skate and night skate — I dont need to waste the teams time.”
 
  There was a brief pause after that.
 
  “Kirraman,” Riven said from down the bench, “Id waste an entire day just watching you shoot.”
 
  “Thing of fuckin beauty,” Darius grunted.
 
  The laughter rose up around her, and Caitlyn looked across the ice to see Vi watching her, a small smile playing at her scarred lips during a play stoppage. Caitlyn lifted her shoulders in a half shrug and could see Vi laugh quietly, moving to skate a little closer to Sevika, say something low and quick to the larger woman that had Sevikas head swivel towards the crowd of people and begin to skate towards them.
 
  “Busted,” Diana muttered, even as Sevika bore down on them.
 
  “Alrighty, lets break this up. I guess you all havent seen real talent before — let Kiramman make her notes in peace. I want blue line sprints from all of you — you too, Graves, Ekko. We go over notes in the meeting room in 40.
 
  There was laughing groans but obedience from the Sumprats as they scattered and dissolved, beginning to line up at the blue line and hurrying in a half—lap of the rink — from blue line, around the net, and back in a wide, loopy circle. Sevika watched them go for a moment, then turned back to Caitlyn.
 
  “We having fun yet?”
 
  “Sorry, coach,” Caitlyn said, “it wont happen again.”
 
  “Nothing wrong with getting to know one another, Kiramman. You get any information to go over?”
 
  “Not yet,” Caitlyn responded, watching the players skate as Vi stopped the five on fives, lined up the whole team, and began to get them skating suicides — starting at center ice, skating to each blue line in turn, then to each end of the rink, repeat.
 
  “Ill need to see some more configurations.”
 
  “Configurations, huh?” Sevika said. “Well, we have a week, Captain. Go do suicides with your squad.”
 
  Caitlyn hopped over the boards of the bench, and joined the skating drill — her skates moving quicker, her strides gliding longer, her pace faster than the rest of the teams. The whole time, Caitlyn felt Vis eyes on the back of her skull, burning into her, a hot gaze that brought up memories and feelings, a small vignette, a memory of what had happened after shed closed that door and let Vi into her room.
 
  
    Were not teammates until October
  
  , she thought, and shook her head.
 
  She was such an idiot.
  
  After practice, the whole team had undressed in a rowdy group in the newly minted locker rooms, their names written on scotch tape above the cubbies that would be their home for 41 of their 82 games. Theyd later be replaced by plaques, but the roster was too new for them to have been installed yet—  or, so said Mel Medarda. Caitlyn was between Vi and Claggor, and she was also near the door, with the best view of the locker room — when she sat at her cubby bench she could see the entire locker room, observe everything.
 
  On the Lone Stars, her locker was situated so that her back was to her team, a symbolic gesture, on her part, a mean—spirited one on theirs. It was easier to mock someone when their back was turned.
 
  Poppy immediately plugged her phone into a set of speakers and began playing alt rock — music that vibrated Caitlyns molars and made her think about shadowboxing or leaping tall buildings — the type of pre—game music that was designed to fire you up to go and do some damage. Poppy was auditioning for team DJ, a sought after position in any locker room, and if this is what she had in store for them, Caitlyn wouldnt stand in the way of the nomination.
 
  “Turn that down, Popps,” Vi hollered while laughing, pulling her socks off her feet. Her pant leg was rolled up just enough so that Caitlyn could see the twin surgical scars curling around her knee. “Youll scare the Piltie.”
 
  Caitlyn snorted. “Leave the dial, Poppy,” she called.
 
  “Dont gotta act tough, Kiramman. She probably only listens to classical music before a game.”
 
  Caitlyn turned towards Vi, squinted, and then leaned forwards with an elbow on her knee. “Name one piece of classical music that wasnt featured in a commercial for milk.”
 
  Vi grinned; Caitlyn grinned back, and both missed the look that Diana shot Leona, on the other side of the locker room.
 
  “You like, though, Captain?” Poppy asked.
 
  Caitlyn and Vi looked at one another. “Which of us?”
 
  “Kiramman. You like?”
 
  “I wont stand in the way of you DJing, Poppy.”
 
  “We need nicknames,” Ashe pointed out, “thisll get confusing if youre both captain.”
 
  “Kiramman reads more like a captain — full title and shit,” Darius put in, “Vi reads like a cap.”
 
  “Cap,” Poppy mused, pointing at Vi, “and Captain. I can dig it.”
 
  “Couldve used you on the ice, Cap,” Riven said, unclipping her pads and tugging them off of her sweat soaked compression tee, “nobody could stop Kiramman out there.”
 
  “Nah, just body her,” Vi said, winking. “Kiramman doesnt like the lumber. Ill show you when Im back.”
 
  Caitlyn stiffened at that, then began to tug her practice sweater off of her pads, leaving the lot hanging in her cubby to air dry. Someone would be along when they all cleared out to clean and repair it, but for now she liked to mark her space as her own. Eager to move past the implication that all one needed to do to stop her was knock her around, Caitlyn grabbed a towel, some of her soap, and headed for the shower wearing her flip—flops, avoiding the logo of the Sumprat that was built into the floor as she moved.
 
  Nobody stepped on the logo. That was just the rule.
 
  Showered and freshened, the team sat in on Sevikas first meeting, where she outlined the schedule for the next few weeks leading up to their first game — at home against the Bangle City Red Pandas. She talked about conditioning, noted that a few people came to camp not where they needed to be, vowed to whip them into shape. Suicides and sprints until they could prove that they were RHL game ready.
 
  “Im not going to get you in shape,” Sevika snarled, “Im going to get you into championship shape. If we lose, it wont be because we were gassed and they still had fuel.”
 
  She then turned to the board, and wrote the Pandas on it.
 
  “Two teams that we cannot lose to — not in the season. The first, the Bangles. I was with this organisation for my entire career, and Im not about to take an L off of this piece of shit team — not now, not ever. We do not lose to Bangle City. Clear?”
 
  “Yes Coach,” came the response.
 
  “The second team,” Sevika said, “is an executive order. Im turning the floor over to your GM, Mel Medarda. Mel?”
 
  “Thanks, coach,” Mel said, standing up from her seat near the front of the room, “This one has more to do with where we are, and who we are. Were in Zaun, the forgotten city of Runeterra. I dont need to tell you guys the citys history — you likely already know most of the important facts. There are two things that were going to focus on going forwards, as a team, and as a team image. Firstly, they love their hometown players.”
 
  She gestured at Mylo, Claggor and Vi — Mylo ducked his head, Claggor rubbed his neck, Vi grinned.
 
  “And secondly… they fucking 
  
    hate
  
   the Piltover Lone Stars.”
 
  That earned a bark of laughter from the room as Sevika moved to the board.
 
  “So, this season, heres the scoop: we are Zauns hockey team. This city is desperate for something to believe in, and if that something is that their hometown team will beat the snot out of the Lone Stars whenever they come to our barn? Thatll do. We do not lose to the Lone Stars at home — ever.”
 
  Sevika wrote Lone Stars — Home on the board, and folded her arms. “That clear to everyone?”
 
  “Yes, coach,” the room echoed, more eagerness in their tones. Caitlyn slid her gaze to Vis and they both smirked. 
 
  Now 
  
    there
  
   was something they could agree on.
  
  It was nearing midnight at Rordans — the little dive just down the street from the Last Drop arena that Vi and Caitlyn had selected for their little team mixer — when Vi slid up beside Caitlyn in a quiet moment and sat down, her large hands folded on the brown, grainy table that Caitlyns drink rested upon.
 
  The team had been hanging out for hours — including Medarda and Sevika, who threw back a few drinks and chatted to different pockets of the team gamely for most of the night — and mostly it was filled with camaraderie, easy ribbing, general getting to know each other stuff. Caitlyn learned that Illaoi brewed her own beer and Ekko was a graffiti artist in his spare time, which explained why his goalie lid and pads were a riot of street art, red and black to match the teams colours. She learned that Graves wanted to write a book someday, something about being a journeymans goalie in a league full of stars, a contemplative piece about the nature of not being famous in a sport that demanded fame. It was an interesting conversation, interrupted by Riven insisting — somewhat tipsily — that Darius could belch the national anthem.
 
  “He does it so easily, too — his kids love this, watch. Dare!” Riven called, disappearing into the crowd.
 
  Darius did wind up demonstrating, and Caitlyn couldnt help but be impressed — as well as amused.
 
  If Mother could see her now.
 
  Soon, most of the core team floated back to their homes or hotel rooms, eager to get a good nights sleep. Sevika left half an hour ago, warning everyone not to overdo it and to bring their A game tomorrow. Mel had left an hour before that, apparently having some sort of meeting with Vis agent about — something or other.
 
  That part, actually, was weird.
 
  “So,” Caitlyn said as Vi sat down, “is your agent re—negotiating?”
 
  Vi made a face. “Not sure, honestly,” she responded, “just booked a meeting with Medarda. Its a little early to re—negotiate, but.”
 
  “Youre not sure you want it?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  Vi shrugged. “Im not in a good position to say no if a team wants to re—sign me. Ive got a bad wheel.”
 
  She tapped her knee.
 
  “But — dunno. I want to see how the season plays out. You did great out there today.”
 
  Caitlyn shook her head. “I sucked. That speech was brutal.”
 
  “Yeah, it was,” Vi confirmed, “but after that, I mean. You showed Ashe what was what without having to raise a voice, just showed her she was being dumb. Youre going to be good at this whole captain—ing thing.”
 
  “Thanks,” Caitlyn said, awkward, and then, “you ran the floor well too. You should consider coaching, when its all over.”
 
  Vi chuckled, shook her head. “I dont know. I feel like when Im done with hockey, Ill be 
  
    done
  
   with hockey, you know?”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, looked down at her drink. It was beyond obvious how much Vi loved the sport — how naturally she floated on skates, working on peoples game, correcting their stride and cornering with simple, quick corrections. Itd be a shame to ball up all of that and toss it away when Vi was done.
 
  Thats what happened to a lot of ex—players, when it was time to hang em up. Theyd invested so much — blood, sweat, tears, years and years of their lives to perfecting a craft that had such a niche application. If you had the charisma for it and the household name, you went into broadcasting and made an ass of yourself doing all the things in the media that youd hated as a player — calling players washed for the simplest of reasons, declaring a teams chances of winning dead after a single loss.
 
  But Vi…
 
  Caitlyn couldnt picture Vi without hockey.
 
  Caitlyn couldnt picture 
  
    hockey
  
   without 
  
    Vi
  
  .
 
  Caitlyn opened her mouth to express it, when Vi suddenly looked around them, ducked close to her, lips near Caitlyns ear.
 
  “Wanna get out of here?”
 
  Caitlyn closed her jaw and leaned back to peer at Vi, taking in her expression — open, honest, and raw. For the first time, she understood how much this was killing Vi — skating around padless, 
  
    watching
  
   the beginning of a season approach, able to do nothing to prepare for it. Being in her early thirties and feeling time beginning to wind down, moment by moment.
 
  It was all there on her face, and had been written out last night — big and bold against her features.
 
  So, for the second time in two nights, Caitlyn agreed, a shaky step, an unsure step, in a world where most of her steps had to be sure and strong. She finished her wine, rose from her seat, and bid goodbye to her teammates — Darius and Riven who were vehemently arguing about video game strategies and Thresh, Poppy, Leona and Diana, who were huddled together gossiping about the league at large. A few minutes ago, Caitlyn had been pretty sure she was the topic, but now theyd moved on.
 
  “Turning in, captains?” Leona said with a smile, with a bit of a bite to the word 
  
    captains
  
  . Caitlyn noted it, figured theyd eventually talk about it — anxiety pooling in her belly at the thought of a confrontation.
 
  “Were a door down from one another,” Vi said, shrugging, “figured Id walk the Piltie home.”
 
  Caitlyn bit her tongue at that, waved at the foursome, and headed out into the hot Zaun air, Vi hot on her heels.
 
  As soon as the door clicked behind them, Poppy glanced to the other three, eyes wide, smile big. She leaned close with her bottle of local brew, and through an impossibly wide smile coupled to a gesture at their rapidly disappearing captains, uttered:
 
  “So who wheeled who?”




  
  “If youre just joining us for Ionian Ironfist RHL Hockey, youve missed a hum—dinger of a game so far! With just three minutes left in the third period, our Ironfists are leading the Piltover Lone Stars two goals to one following an amazing performance by Lunetty and a two score game by Violet Wickett.”
 
  “Wickett has been just phenomenal, Marv. The control of the puck in the neutral ice, not making any mistakes, playing smart, mistake free hockey — the Ironfists have looked unbeatable out there.”
 
  “Lot on the line if youre a superstitious fan, Danielle. If the Ironfists win this bout, this will be the fist time theyve won in the Lone Stars barn in three seasons of hard hitting hockey.”
 
  Yeah, its a rivalry that means a lot for the fans, and Ill tell you this: it means a hell of a lot to the players on the ice, too. It of course centres around those two youre seeing on your screen now — Wickett and Kiramman. Two less alike players youll never meet, but theyve really been at each others throats since they both came into the league.”
 
  “And were ready to get the dying minutes of the game underway. This Lone Stars crowd is on its feet, cheering the home team on as we get set to play the draw. Wickett at the circle for the Ironfists, and its Michaels on the draw for the Lone Stars. Can the Lone Stars pull this out. Faceoff won by Michaels who plays it back to Kiramman and starts the rush out of their own zone. Kiramman to Landsman on the wing, battling for it in neutral ice against Savage, back out to Kiramman who plays it back, playing it safe as time begins to tick down. Kiramman controls the puck through the neutral zone — what a 
  
    move
  
   by Kiramman to create space as she sends a beautiful pass down to Harring who races into the slot — BIG shot by Harring and Lunetty turns him away! Three sticks are battling behind the net for the loose puck as Wickett comes up with it, sends the puck careening down the ice to clear it out of her own zone as both teams race for the bench for fresh legs.”
 
  “That was an important play, Marv. Wickett just bought her club some more time by not doing anything fancy, sending the puck out, getting them out of danger so they could do a line change safely.”
 
  “Wicketts not coming out, neither is Kiramman as Kiramman picks the puck up on her own zone, waiting for the lines to change as she advances it once again. Wickett playing hard defense on Kiramman, trying to clog up the passing lanes as the two exchanged a bump, Kiramman spinning away and firing a 
  
    beauty
  
   of a pass to Bradshaw — 
  
    one—timer
  
  , stopped stone cold by the red hot Lunetty. Puck corralled by Wickett as she slips behind her own net and again fires it back down the ice as the clock ticks down to fifty seconds.”
 
  “Wickett is the hardest working player on the ice right now. Shes beating everyone else to the puck whenever it pops loose and playing Kiramman so tight that she might as well be wearing her sweater.”
 
  “Kiramman and Wickett still on the ice, both teams putting their best players on for this final push of the game. Kiramman to her line partner Raffi, almost loses it against the boards as they cross into the Ironfist zone, Raffi leaving the puck for Kiramman and its 
  
    almost lost
  
   as Kiramman barely beats Wickett to it.”
 
  “You 
  
    cant
  
   drop pass like that with Wickett on the ice! What are you thinking!”
 
  “Kiramman works the puck back to the blue line, Wickett playing her closely as Kiramman handles the puck close to the high slot. The Lone Stars are passing the puck in a tight box formation, the Ironfists reacting to every pass — this is an amazing display of defense as the clock continues to tick down. Landsman on the wing to Harrol, Harrol to Mess, Mess back up to Kiramman, Kiramman to Landsman in the slot — 
  
    Landsman loses it!
  
  ”
 
  “OH!”
 
  “
  
    Great
  
   poke check by Wickett as the Ironfists start the break — Wickett to Patrick, Patrick back to Wickett, Wickett makes a move, fakes out Jeeves — 
  
    The Ironfists score!
  
  ”
 
  “What a move by Wickett!”
 
  “And that makes the score three to one, Ironfists. With sixteen seconds left in the game, that about wraps it up.”
 
  “Okay, watch the replay — this is a beautiful pass by Kiramman to Landsman in the slot. Thats where you want to be as a goal scorer, right in front of the netminder like that. Kiramman hit her clean on the tape of the stick, Landsman just loses the puck and Wickett was all over her. As soon as the Ironfists turned up ice it was curtains for the Lone Stars.”
 
  “What a game for Violet Wickett — shut down defence on the leading scorer in the league, a hat—trick game, and shell be credited for the takeaway as well.”
 
  “Yeah — tomorrow you can see the headlines blaming Kiramman, but honestly, Landsman shouldve had that— thats exactly where you want the puck at exactly the right time.”
 
  “Couldnt agree more, Danielle. And with this game in the books resulting in a win for the Ironfists, we may have some playoff implications down the stretch — The Lone Stars are currently fourth in the league, with the Ironfists fighting for the fifth place spot.”
 
  “Yeah, these two teams will see each other again. Itll be good for the league to get Wickett and Kiramman facing off as many times as possible.”
 
  “Well, as the Ironfists hold onto the puck in their own end and the final buzzer sounds, thatll about do it for our Ironfists coverage here at the RHL. Dont touch that channel, as our panel of experts will be ready to react to what weve seen here tonight, and stay tuned for our April playoff coverage that were calling the RHL 2019—”

  
  

  Run at the Cup.
 
  October Part One: Placeholder
 
  
    I try to do the right thing at the right time. They may just be little things, but usually they make the difference between winning and losing.
  

  Kareem Abdul—Jabbar.
 
  
  

  Caitlyn had Vis back to the door as soon as the hotel room had shut, a small bag hooked over Vis wrist, digging into her forearm as she let out a groan as Caitlyns teeth clacked against her throat, the door rattling lightly in its cradle as the taller woman pushed her against it. Vis hands trailed up the back of Caitlyns jeans, skimming beneath the untucked dress shirt the other woman wore, finding a line of hot, hard skin, velvet sheathed muscle that was hard and heavy and hot beneath her skimming, roving palms.
 
  Vi tried to jerk out of her grasp, but Caitlyns hands were suddenly pressing her arms to the door, working one jean—clad thigh between Vis slacks, forcing Vis hips to cant forwards as Caitlyn begin to slowly lift, until Vi was on her toes in her sneakers, her hips rocking gently as Caitlyn began to suck marks into her collarbones, joining the still—visible red spots that Caitlyn had left the night before. Vi gasped out, head tilting back against the door as Caitlyn jerked her forwards, overwhelmed her with her hands, lips, teeth, stare.
 
  The stare. Dark blue eyes taking in her reactions, reading everything she gave.
 
  It was the same stare that Vi had seen at practice today — the stare that had taken in her teammates, studied Ashe and her fumbled passes, studied Graves low side blocker, studied the way that Riven couldnt keep the puck close. It was a calculating stare, a passionate stare, a stare of someone who was collecting, storing data.
 
  Sevika had said that Caitlyn had one of the highest hockey IQs of anyone shed ever seen, and it was only when Vi had seen her practice that she was starting to understand what that had meant.
 
  Something about Caitlyn being good at something — being 
  
    intelligent
  
   at something — had her distracted, constantly checking on her, watching the way her legs effortlessly glided along the ice, the speed with which she could change directions, keeping pace skating backwards as many players skating full—bore forwards.
 
  Her biceps bulging as she kept Vi pinned against the door shook Vi out of it, her voice breathless and wet as she shook the small overnight bag off of her hand and let her arms be fully pinned.
 
  “Someone was eager,” Vi gasped out, and one of Caitlyns hands came up to clamp over her mouth, her stare hardening into a glare as Caitlyn seemed to snap out of whatever had come over her.
 
  “No talking,” Caitlyn growled out, and 
  
    oh
  
  , that 
  
    definitely
  
   did it for Vi.
 
  Vi nodded against Caitlyns hand on her mouth, and as Caitlyn closed the small gap between them, worked the hand on Vis lips southwards to the neediest part of her, Vi closed her eyes and sank into the sensations.
  
  “You know,” Vi said later on the bed, the covers haphazardly wrapped around her, curling around one of her legs, “we arent really teammates until we play our first game together.”

  
  

  Caitlyn rose into a seated position without using her hands, her head near Vis feet, hair disheveled, eyes glazed. She was still lightly panting, a state of being that not even a practice against other professional hockey players hadnt instilled. The idea made Vi incredibly smug.
 
  “Yeah?” Caitlyn asked, sliding up the bed until she was resting against the headboard, hip near Vis head. Vi placed a hand on it, lightly ran her thumb around the curve, the dip of it.
 
  “Mmhm. Thats when everyone says you first 
  
    truly
  
   become teammates.”
 
  Caitlyn shook her head. “Youre insatiable.”
 
  Vi grinned lightly, the air moving in through her missing teeth, making her smile shrink just a hair so they werent as exposed. “The camaraderie doesnt really settle until were both wearing official sweaters and standing on the ice for the national anthem on the same side, you know?”
 
  Caitlyn hummed sarcastically, shivered lightly. Vi unspooled the comforter from around her leg enough to pass some over to Caitlyn, rising to match her pose. Her legs were shaky, lightly trembling from exertion. This mornings sex was mostly about scratching an itch — quick and messy and anything but thorough. Tonight, this had been…
 
  Methodical. Ruining.
 
  Theyd ruined each other.
 
  “You know,” Vi said, lifted her shoulders, “food for thought.”
 
  Caitlyn curled her knees up, rested her elbows on them, her chin in her hands. She stared at the back wall of the hotel room, mulling it over. A few strands of hair fell into her eyes, and Vis fingers itched.
 
  “Coach said that we have to respect each other, get along, all that. Seems to me that if we didnt continue to do this — if I was just your co—captain without being able to skate and hit, wed go back to what we were when we were playing one another, you know? Thats bad for synergy.”
 
  Caitlyn chuckled. “Ah, so its for the team.”
 
  “Exactly,” Vi said, snapping her fingers and pointing at the taller woman. “For the team, for Coach. We cant let them down by having our pent—up 
  
    whatever
  
   at practice.”
 
  “Youre so annoying,” Caitlyn grunted out, and Vi wiggled her eyebrows, pinching lightly at Caitlyns hip underneath the comforter. Caitlyn swatted at her hand, and they smiled lightly at each other — smiles that died quickly.
 
  “I dont fuck teammates,” Caitlyn said, “if this gets out—”
 
  “Itll be our secret,” Vi promised, “just until we play our first game. You know — until I can hit you again at practice.”
 
  “Seems like youre getting a lot more out of this than I am,” Caitlyn responded.
 
  Vis hand snaked around Caitlyns thigh to cup her beneath the blankets, and Caitlyns eyes slid closed, her nostrils flaring at the sensation.
 
  “You think?” Vi asked softly, lips curling in a grin.
 
  Caitlyn opened her eyes, looking at Vi as one of her own hands slid down to press against Vis over the comforter, Vis hand beginning to move — slowly, methodically, working in and out. Vis fingers were bigger than Caitlyns, needing some extra care and attention in order to be able to go as hard as they both liked, and Vi enjoyed the warm ups almost as much as the main event.
 
  “When are you scheduled to be able to play again?” Caitlyn asked breathlessly, hips rocking.
 
  “November,” Vi started, cleared her throat, and spoke much clearer — “November sixth.”
 
  “So,” Caitlyn groaned, and Vi judged her ready, wet enough, to add a second finger, “we — until November?”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi grunted, and began to work Caitlyn harder, “November.”
 
  Caitlyn let out a small, keening whine, and Vi leaned forwards to capture a nipple in her mouth, laving at it as she gave Caitlyn her undivided attention.
  
  “What do we think?” Sevika said, sitting backwards in a wooden chair, looking at the board with all the possible lineups of their squad written in marker on magnetic strips, stuck to the chalkboard. Beside her, Viktor — an assistant coach shed introduced after the first practice, called him her Hockey Scientist — stood, one hand on his chin as he studied the lineups.
 
  Caitlyn and Vi were seated on opposite ends of the aisle in the front row of the players sections, seats that theyd claimed after their first three gruelling weeks of hockey practice. October was here, and their first game against the Bangle City Red Pandas was in four days. General practice was over, the discovery phase of what their team was behind them, the fine tuning and applying those concepts having just begun.
 
  Viktor paced in front of the board, moving a few of the magnetic strips around haphazardly, taking a step back to visualise it all more clearly.
 
  “Itll be tough sledding,” Viktor said in a faint accent, “we wont really know what we have until Vis back.”
 
  “If only we had Ahri healthy,” Sevika muttered. “We were really hoping her injury was over—exaggerated.”
 
  “Weve got a lot of holes,” Caitlyn agreed, “we dont have goal scoring — not really. We have a few good defensive pieces — more when Vis back, obviously.”
 
  “But were in a conference with the War Horses,” Vi put in, “the Lone Stars, the Assassins. I like our odds in a straight up rock fight with most of the league but when Shadow Isles comes to town we have to get pucks in the net.”
 
  Viktor nodded, taking Caitlyns magnet and slapping it in the middle of the board. “All of our lineups are at their most efficient when Caitlyns on the ice — it opens up passing opportunities, and it will force the defence to pay attention to her wherever she is. If theyre looking at and worried about Caitlyn, they wont be so focused on the rest of the line.”
 
  “As soon as Caitlyns off the ice,” Sevika said, as Viktor took Caitlyns magnet down, “we lose steam badly. Passing lanes clog themselves up, nobody has a head on their shoulders, and there isnt enough confidence to run the plays the way we want them.”
 
  Vi frowned. “Isnt it a little early for us to be worrying about this stuff? We wont know much until we play Bangle City.”
 
  “Never to early to theorise,” Viktor said, “and use the stats models we have.”
 
  Vi leaned back in her chair, watching the way Viktor tossed magnets around, set up new combinations and removed them.
 
  “Caitlyn cant play 60 minutes a game,” Vi said, “shell get broken down before we can even sniff the playoffs.”
 
  “Until you get back,” Sevika pointed out, “well need to outscore them. You can run the defence better than anyone currently skating, Vi, but until we have that as a reliable option, we have to run it up.”
 
  “Were looking at — conservatively — 30 minutes a game.” Viktor said, reading off of a clipboard.
 
  “Are you fucking 
  
    spun
  
  ?” Vi snapped out.
 
  Hockey was a game of shifts — players skated so hard while they were out there in sudden bursts that they rotated in and out of the game constantly. Usually, RHL players spent between 30 seconds and a minute on the ice at a time — the pace and speed of the game requiring a massive amount of energy to keep up with. Smart shifts were what made good teams, alongside a wide variety of players that could do similar jobs so there were no breaks.
 
  The reason that the War Horses and the Assassins were so good was that their bench was so deep with goal scorers that it didnt matter 
  
    who 
  
  they had on the ice — they just kept coming.
 
  The reason the Lone Stars were so good, Vi thought bitterly, was that they had a whole team of goal scorers.
 
  “Nobody else has a you,” Viktor said, “someone they can just park on Caitlyn and take her out of the game. Theyll be throwing two or three skaters at her trying to keep the puck away from her. We can capitalise on that.”
 
  “When we get a few weeks of RHL hockey under our belt we can figure out who our best replacements for her are, but until then, I plan to ride Caitlyn for as many wins as we can get in this first month.”
 
  Vi winced at that, glanced at Caitlyn. Caitlyn lifted her shoulders in a shrug, directed her attention back at Viktor.
 
  “Whats our realistic expectation for winning in October,” Caitlyn asked.
 
  Viktor flipped a page. “Early estimates? Were looking at twelve games in the first month — Bangle city twice, Noxus once, Piltover once in that stretch. Well be playing at Piltover and Noxus for the Lone Stars and War Horses, and hosting Bangle City both times. We expect to lose both games to the Horses and Lone Stars, maybe go 6—6 for the month.”
 
  “Well do better than 500,” Sevika growled, “Im not coaching a fifty percent winning team. Were going to beat the snot out of Bangle City, and Im hoping to steal one of the Noxus or Piltover games.”
 
  Vi nodded, again sliding a look over to Caitlyn. Vi wouldnt be on the ice when they unleashed Piltovers best player against them as things stood — a fact that made her bitter.
 
  “I can do 30 a game,” Caitlyn responded, and Vis gaze widened. “Whatever you guys need.”
 
  “Thats — hang on, thats an insane amount of minutes, Kiramman, are you sure—”
 
  “I hit 30 minutes in the playoffs all the time. If its for one month, and it helps the team figure out our identity faster, then I can do it,” Caitlyn said resolutely, then turned to Vi, “so long as you get back as fast as you can. Well need you.”
 
  Vi nodded, leaned back in her chair, rubbed her hands over her face as Viktor moved magnets around, stroked his chin, Sevika watching him and her captains in turn. Despite her gaze, Vi found that she couldnt help but respond to the fire in Caitlyns eyes, the passion behind them — the desire to win, the hatred to lose.
 
  They were more alike than Vi had ever given them credit for, and the equation of Caitlyn being eager to win circled her head, taunted her. Caitlyn had been the naturally gifted, no—trying—needed scoring defenseman that Vi had sold out every game to stop, and here she was, passionate, willing to sacrifice for the team.
 
  Why hadnt the Lone Stars protected her? In the expansion draft, on the ice?
 
  It didnt make any sense.
 
  “Alrighty,” Sevika said, breaking up the moment with a clap of her hands, “lets talk assistant captains. We have As to give out, and I wanted to know if—”
 
  “Poppy,” Caitlyn and Vi said in unison, and then raised their eyebrows at one another.
 
  Sevika cackled. “I thought as much.”
  
  Diana had the puck near the slot and had a wide—open shot on Graves when Poppy sent her to the ice with a takedown check, slapping the disc harmlessly away from the play and into the corner, a fiery grin on her face as she did so.
  
  “Mylo,” Poppy called from the bench, “if you dont backcheck, Im going to bounce your head off the ice by your ridiculous Super Saiyan hair.”
 
  After a few more moments, Poppys voice echoed again: “That a fuckin boy! Backcheck baby, thatta boy!”
  
  “Ho, cool it now,” Poppy said soothingly as Ekko slammed his stick into the net, furious at himself for letting one by him, “youll get the next one, buddy.”
 
  “Fuckin,” Ekko grunted, shaking his head. Vi skated closer, and Poppy waved her off.
 
  “Take a second, Ekk. Breathe it out, slap your pads, shake it off. That one was mostly my bad — I didnt clear your crease. Ill make sure you can see it next time, alright?”
 
  Ekko exhaled, rolled his shoulders, then slapped his stick on his left pad, right pad, and skated back into the crease.
 
  “Here we go, folks,” Poppy called, nodding at Vi to bring the puck closer, “here we fucking go.”
  
  “Easy pick,” Caitlyn said, back in the room, “shes great at lighting a fire under the team, really good in the locker room, quick to take credit for losses and shares her wins.”
 
  “She wants it,” Vi said, “you could tell as soon as she walked in. She wants the win worse than anyone.”
 
  Viktor nodded, looking at his lineups — Poppy next to Ashe and Mylo. “Shed balance out Mylo — cover for some of his sloppier plays. Also, her and Mylo on the same line would be a nonstop energy line.”
 
  “Constant chirps,” Sevika said, and grinned, “God, everyone will hate playing against those three.”
 
  “Theres no passing on that line,” Caitlyn pointed out, and Vi leaned back in her seat, scratching at her neck.
 
  “Mylo will need to pass,” she said.
 
  The room went a little quiet. Sevika watched Vi for a moment, looked at Caitlyn, looked at Viktor. “Mylo wants 30 this year to pad his resume.”
 
  “I know what Mylo wants,” Vi confirmed, “but we need assists, not goals. If Ashe is the scorer and Poppys the grinder, we need Mylo to feed the puck.”
 
  “For now,” Viktor said, “Caitlyn can feed the puck. Caitlyn, were going to stick you and Illaoi on the same pairing — you two seem to have found a synergy.”
  
  A slick feed down the blue line, Caitlyn to Illaoi, and Graves water bottle flew through the air from the impact of puck in net. Illaoi immediately skated to Caitlyn, thumped her fist with her own, a black mouthguard grin on her face.
  
  Illaoi poked the puck free of Threshs stick and Caitlyn was right behind him to scoop it up, push the action on the counter—attack.
  
  Caitlyn lined up a slapshot, wound up, and skated forwards, leaving the puck for Illaoi to zip a pass to Darius for the easy weakside goal.
  
  “Yeah,” Caitlyn confirmed, “shes awesome to play alongside.”
 
  “Does she get the A?” Sevika asked.
 
  “Shes a little raw,” Vi said, hesitantly, “shes a stud, but shes got a lot of work to do in the locker room, kind of floats alone most of the time. Not a leader yet.”
 
  “I think down the road,” Caitlyn murmured.
 
  “Down the road, for sure,” Vi said, then to Sevika, “cycle back in a few seasons on her. I bet shes going to be able to order the troops into any war you want.”
 
  “Alright, no Illaoi. Who else?”
 
  Viktor pointed at Leonas magnet. “Kampf has the experience.”
 
  “Yeah,” Caitlyn confirmed, “really good defensively. I could endorse her.”
 
  Sevika was watching Vi, and Vi was staring at the blackboard, looking at that magnet with her lips caught between her teeth. Leona had the experience — one of the more experienced players on their roster, besides Graves, Caitlyn, and herself.
 
  “What do you think, Vi?” Sevika asked, “Should we give Leona the A?”
  
  Mylo battled in the corner for the puck, Leona his opponent, sticks clashing against the board and the ice. After two good hauls, Leona eased up, and Mylo skated clear of the corner, puck on his tape, firing a go—ahead pass for the easy score as Vi watched. Leona watched impassively, skating back towards the faceoff circle, pulling off her glove to scratch at her nose.
  
  “Leona, youre going,” Sevika called down the bench.
 
  There was a pause.
 
  “Leona?” Sevika said again.
 
  Leonas head jerked up.
 
  “Youre going,” Sevika repeated, and Leona murmured 
  
    yes, coach
  
  .
 
  Vi made a jot in her notebook.
  
  Leona slapped a clapper that rang off of the top right corner, chuckled at herself and began skating backwards as the puck was collected by the opposing practice squad, her skates lazy, drifting.
  
  “Leona doesnt want it,” Vi said, flatly, then lifted her shoulders. “Hasnt for years.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned, turning to fully face Vi in her seat. “What makes you say that?”
 
  “Mostly little shit. She gives up the hard battles, doesnt react to messing up, is real quiet. She used to be a spark plug in the locker room — she used to growl at you to stay down when she rattled you with a hit. Now she just kind of… drifts. I dont know if I want a floater helping me keep the squad focused.”
 
  Viktor nodded. “Her and Claggor as a pairing makes sense — they come out when we need to knock some heads and shut down a hot goal scorer, but Im inclined to agree with regard to the effort.”
 
  “She has the fourth most experience on the team,” Caitlyn said, hesitantly, “I dont know how I feel about us discounting that for how much we perceive her effort.”
 
  “Graves has the most,” Vi pointed out, “and we wouldnt give him the A if we were paid to.”
 
  “Thats because hes a tendie,” Caitlyn replied, “and,”
 
  “Goalies are weird,” the four all said together.
 
  “Yeah, but even still — you can coast for a long time in the league without wanting to win shit. Lots of players are in it for the dough. What were trying to do here — what were trying to prove — we need people who believe it. We all believe it. Poppy believes it. We cant give the A to someone who doesnt believe it.”
 
  Sevika kept watching Vi. “Shes going to want to know why if we dont give her the A. She expects it.”
 
  Vi met Sevikas gaze. “I dont mind telling her.”
 
  Sevika nodded. “Settled. Who did you have in mind?”
 
  Vi leaned forwards. “Okay, stick with me on this one.”
  
  Ashe was bowled over by Claggors shoulder as she tried to skate across neutral ice, and Claggor immediately was helping her up.
 
  “Hey, keep your head up when you cross the blue,” Claggor said, “youll hear me coming.”
 
  The next time Ashe zipped by, she sidestepped Claggors check, hearing him grunt “good”, as he went.
  
  Claggor had the puck on a rare breakaway, his lumbering body huffing up the ice, one on one with Ekko. He waved closer to himself frantically, gesturing for Ekko to close the gap, and the goaltender pushed off a few more feet, forcing Claggor to shoot. When Ekko turned the puck away glove side, Claggor tapped his pad with his stick, grunting “good” as he went by.
  
  Illaoi and Claggor met at the blue line in a thunderous hit, Illaois arms flinging outwards as she careened into him. She staggered as Claggor steadied her with one gloved hand, grin on both of their faces.
 
  “Follow through,” Claggor said, “dont try to straighten your arms. If an elbow gets me, you go to the bin for two minutes. Just skate through me.”
 
  “Youre so big,” Illaoi complained.
 
  “Trust me,” Claggor said.
 
  The next time they met, Illaoi stapled him to the boards that had play stopping, a hit way too hard for practice. Illaoi and Claggor were both howling with laughter as she helped him up.
 
  “Good,” Claggor grinned.
  
  “Were going to give an enforcer the A?” Viktor queried, raising an eyebrow.
 
  “Claggors tough,” Vi began, “wants to stay where he is badly, knows all the unspoken rules and can keep a team in line.”
 
  “He knows a lot about hockey,” Caitlyn confirmed, “he doesnt have the skills to execute them all the time, maybe, but his brain is a vault for hockey history.”
 
  “Hes also been in the league almost as long as Graves, and I bet you dollars to fucking donuts that he wants to leave it with a boat.”
 
  “The kids look up to him, and he and Darius have a good rapport. More importantly, I think they listen to him.”
 
  “And if we have an enforcer with the A, the refs will respect what he says a lot more.”
 
  Caitlyn and Vi fell silent then, looking at Sevika with expectation. Sevikas chair creaked as she leaned back in it, looking at Viktor. The hockey scientist had laid out their whole team in lines, with little names alongside all of them. Checking line, scoring line, toughness line, speed line.
 
  “Sounds like we have our assistants,” Sevika said, letting her chair fall forwards with a 
  
    clap
  
   of wooden legs on carpeted floor.
 
  “Ill let the equipment room know,” Viktor said with a smile, and pulled out a cell phone.
 
  Vi winked at Caitlyn, and Caitlyn rolled her eyes, crossed her ankles, and folded her muscular arms. She was wearing a compression tee and leggings, having just come from what she referred to as morning skate — a practice where shed slap pucks around, challenge herself to roll a pass off of the boards and to specific spots on the ice, practice poke checks and changing directions.
 
  Her hair was always in a high ponytail, flowing behind her, dressed in practice pads with no shirt overtop, the muscles of her torso constantly flexing as she worked on herself, on her game.
 
  Then, there was night skate — where Caitlyn would do laps forwards and backwards around the arena at incredible, breakneck speeds — changing directions in tight figure eights, keeping her stick trailing as she moved backwards, rushing forwards with arms pumping. At her fastest, she rivalled Riven — and Vi had seen what a rocket Riven had.
 
  The only thing that Vi had never seen was the checking bag, a little practice dummy that players could use to practice finishing hits. Vis personal skates always featured the bag on some level, practicing lowering her shoulder — lowering the boom, Vander used to say — at just the right time to cause the maximum momentum shift with the minimum personal damage.
 
  Caitlyn never hit — not during practice, not alone. It was part of her game, the only part, that went entirely neglected.
 
  “Okay then,” Sevika said, rising from her chair. “Bangle City. You ready?”
 
  She was referring to Caitlyn, and only Caitlyn. Vis knee twinged.
 
  “Yep,” Caitlyn said, and Sevika placed a hand on each of their shoulders as she moved down the aisle towards the exit. Viktor followed, going over notes on his clipboard as he walked. Right before the exit, he paused and looked back.
 
  “Oh, Mel wanted to see you — both of you — in her office, when you had a moment.”
  
  “An advertising campaign?” Vi asked, and Caitlyn was chuckling beside her — seated in plush red leather chairs across a wide oak desk from the GM of the Sumprats.
 
  Mel Medardas office was lush and expensive looking, covered in memorabilia from decades upon decades following the league — from its inception with the original six all the way out to the expansion teams that had followed. Pictures from the Lone Stars dynasty in the nineties, the Assassins reign in the late aughts, famous moments recorded in black and white snapshots and written pieces.
 
  Medarda appeared to be an eclectic collector, one who sampled from every team. Most prominently in the room — hanging directly over her own head on the back wall — was a shelf with a framed newspaper clipping, and an outline drawn on the wall. The clipping was of the announcement of the Sumprats as an organisation, including the reveal of Medardas hiring as the teams first GM. The outline was of a banner.
 
  A championship banner.
 
  “You two are among the leagues biggest stars,” Medarda said, “and Ive received quite a few complaints from the head of the RHL about how they wont be able to market your head to head battles anymore.”
 
  “Their beef should be with Ionia and Piltover, then,” Vi grumped, sinking back into her chair.
 
  “Thats exactly what I said, Vi,” Medarda said, primly, “asking me to not take the best players available to me for the sake of marketing is gross mismanagement at worst, and at best I wouldnt be focused on winning.”
 
  “What sort of marketing,” Caitlyn asked, suspiciously.
 
  “Well,” Medarda said, sliding forwards to steeple her fingers in front of her, looking every inch the bond villain that her accent painted her as, “Im thinking a rivals to friendship spread. A series of commercials and posters that feature footage of you two clashing over the years followed by you two in the same jersey, maybe cutting together footage of you playing alongside one another at the end.”
 
  “We wont get that footage for a month at least,” Caitlyn pointed out.
 
  “Just the two of you in the sweaters looking fierce, then. Maybe in branded T—shirts — show off the muscles and tattoos some for our more,” Medarda smiled, “
  
    rabid
  
   fanbase.”
 
  Both women glanced down — Caitlyn to her compression tee, Vi to her sleeveless hoodie. “Rabid?” Vi said, grinning.
 
  “Come now,” Medarda scoffed, “Ive heard the talk about your early days, Vi. You know very well what I mean.”
 
  “You do?” Caitlyn asked, smirking at Vi.
 
  Vi flushed. “That was a while back,” she grunted out, fidgeting lightly in her chair, “and Im sure you had your fair share of chances.”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged primly. “Clearly not as many, if Ms. Medarda heard about 
  
    yours
  
  .”
 
  “Oh I heard she was a dog,” Medarda grinned savagely, and Vi glared at her, imagining all the way she could trash this perfectly put together office in vengeance, “but we can use it to our advantage. Marketing wants to put you two in a bunch of rivals settings — rival spies, rival actresses, rival musicians. There was a particularly fun idea about figure skating—”
 
  “You cant pay me to put on figure skates,” Vi interrupted.
 
  “The toe picks,” Caitlyn confirmed.
 
  “Theyll getcha.”
 
  “Its an easy way to break your jaw if you forget about them.”
 
  Medarda flipped a book open, jotted a note. “Are they more dangerous?”
 
  “Our skates certainly dont have them,” Caitlyn responded, “also, is us not being rival athletes enough? You have more than enough footage of me sending Vi home from the playoffs.”
 
  “Id wager they had even more of me knocking you on your ass,” Vi shot back.
 
  “Ah, yes, equally as important,” Caitlyn fired back.
 
  “Save some of this for the cameras,” Medarda responded with a light chuckle, “but noted. No figure skating. We also were thinking wed have you interview as part of a commercial for the Sumprats — run locally, get the people excited.”
 
  “This is Zaun,” Vi argued, “theyll get excited just by virtue of us existing.”
 
  “Thats very, very true.” Medarda said, “still, we promised the league some commercial revenue in exchange for us lowering our ticket costs. They lost their two big stars, they want something to replace the hype. The hype is now a question — can this combination work?”
 
  Vi drummed her fingers along the arm of the leather chair, knowing full way how the 
  
    combination
  
   of Caitlyn and her 
  
    worked
  
  .
 
  Since that morning — and night — Vi had spent nearly every night in Caitlyns bed, fingers exploring, teasing, tasting. They hadnt spoken much other than about hockey, hadnt kissed — but had found new and exciting ways to tease one another, found out how each other ticked. That was likely over now — Caitlyn had her stuff finally shipped from Piltover and had bought a house twenty minutes away from the stadium, in a neighbourhood that… wasnt the best. Vi had wanted to argue she should select a new option, but Caitlyn was a… 
  
    big 
  
  girl, and could handle herself.
 
  Vi had bought a house a week ago, filled it with her shit, but had kept going to Caitlyns room because.
 
  Yknow.
 
  Whatever.
 
  She expected the nighttime funtime visits were going to grind to a halt, now — and that was just fine. Theyd hook up when it suited them, or until Vi suited up. Until they became 
  
    real
  
   teammates.
 
  “I guess well find out, too,” Caitlyn was saying, “seeing as Vi wont be on the ice until November. Are ticket sales hurt by that?”
 
  “Do you care?” Medarda asked, copying Caitlyns prim tone.
 
  “I do,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “Were sold out. Booked solid through December.” Medarda responded.
 
  Holy shit.
 
  “Holy shit,” Vi said, “and you want to generate 
  
    more
  
   hype?”
 
  Medarda nodded. “Of course. My job isnt satisfied until Ive filled our barn every night theres a game in Zaun.”
 
  “Medarda,” Vi said, “have you ever seen a sold out crowd in Zaun?”
 
  Caitlyn was watching Vi as Medarda shook her head.
 
  “This is going to be fucking bonkers,” Vi said, leaning back in her chair.
 
  “Ive been to sold out crowds,” Caitlyn responded, “thats nothing new.”
 
  “Not a Zaun crowd,” Vi shot back.
 
  “Whats the difference?”
 
  “Youll find out,” Vi said, and grinned wide.
 
  Medarda tsked. “So, youll agree? To the commercials, the advertisements?”
 
  Vi tore her gaze from Caitlyn, back to her GM. “Do we have a choice? Were contracted to do media appearances.”
 
  Medarda tapped her pen once against her book. “I will never force you to do anything you dont want to do, Ms. Wickett. The same goes for you, Ms. Kiramman.”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged. “I think Ill need some help easing in with the fans — being a 
  
    Piltie
  
  ,” she spat the last word at Vi, “so I dont mind flexing or posing for cameras to that end.”
 
  “Fuck it,” Vi said, echoing Caitlyns shrug. “Should be fun.”
  
  The last practice before their first game of the season, Vi waited in the entrance tunnel with her skates on, watching her teammates head out in a haphazard order. She stick tapped with a few of them, joked, poked fun as they headed onto the ice one or two at a time to skate around and stretch. Caitlyn was already out there, the first on, the last off. It was a role shed claimed for herself early and was sticking to it — no matter how early Darius or Poppy or Ekko showed up, Caitlyn was already there, loosening up or jogging up and down the bleachers for extra cardio.
 
  She was an absolute machine, Vi thought.
 
  Why hadnt the Lone Stars protected her?
 
  Vi had taken to carefully exercising her knee whenever she had a free moment, booking extra sessions with Dr. Lansbury to really make sure she was on the mending path. She was done suiting up outside of doctors orders — she wanted to recover right, get back on the ice and be solid for her new team.
 
  Dr. Lansbury had said that she was coming along ahead of schedule, and that news had given her wings.
 
  “We may even be able to get you in for the Lone Stars before months end,” Lansbury had said clinically.
 
  “Fuck is that music to my ears,” Vi had crowed, “Doc you know how huge that game will be.”
 
  “Wouldnt know,” Lansbury had reminded, “Im more of a baseball girl.”
 
  Vi let Claggor go by with a fistbump, waved to Graves (who was talking to himself as he walked down the tunnel with his mask on — tendies were 
  
    weird
  
  ) stick—tapped Riven and Darius as they floated by, but when Leona and Diana walked out, Vi stepped forwards and blocked Leonas path.
 
  “Hey, hang back a bit — see you out there, Dee,” Vi said, and Diana nodded, stick—tapped her wife and jogged in her blade guards out of the tunnel.
 
  Vi tugged Leona a little further away from the locker room, towards the entrance doors, and looked her teammate dead in the eyes.
 
  “Whats up, cap?” Leona asked.
 
  The respect here was off the charts. Leona and Vi had played similar games, but with Vi as a forward and Leona as a defender, theyd matched up a lot over the seasons. Vi had been there as a third year when Leona had first come aboard, fresh faced, big bodied, a head for defence. She remembered thinking, exhaustedly, that the Wild Cats of Targon had finally — 
  
    finally 
  
  — landed a player that was worth a shit. Leona had run her ragged for her first few seasons — Caitlyn too, based on the snippets of games Vi had caught.
 
  But after a while, the fire went out. Leona stopped hustling, stopped crashing offensive players into the boards, stopped reminding people whose territory they were stepping on. It used to be, if you were within ten feet of Leona, you had to keep your head on a swivel.
 
  Now, you could coast a bit, because she was coasting too.
 
  Vi had always thought — even in low moments, when she was staring at the lack of ships on her resume and dreading the next season — that if nothing else could be said of her, she was an excellent captain. She knew she was in tune with people, knew when folks needed to be coddled and taken aside and pampered until they felt like they were rebuilt, whole. Mental energy was just as important as physical energy, and Vi prided herself on knowing which needed a boost.
 
  Staring at Leona, in this moment, Vi threw all of that out of the window.
 
  Leona needed to hear this.
 
  “Were awarding As today,” Vi said, “youre not getting one.”
 
  Leona stepped back, eyes wide, and then her brow furrowed. “Why?”
 
  “You dont want it,” Vi responded, “you dont put the effort in like the others do. Youve been coasting the last few seasons, Lee.”
 
  Leona exhaled, raised a glove to take off her helmet, free her long brown hair from its prison and shake it loose. She slumped a shoulder against the wall, stared into space above Vis shoulder.
 
  “Look,” Vi said, “we all want different things out of this shit, here. You want to collect your paycheck, hang out with the squad after games and chill with your wife? I dig that. I get you — and well have your back on that. Youre a legend on D and youre going to help us a shitload down the stretch. But we need leaders at our side that want the boat if were going to do what we came here to do.”
 
  “Kiramman object?” Leona asked.
 
  “Kiramman floated your name forwards, actually,” Vi said, “I said no.”
 
  “Whos getting the A?”
 
  “Poppy and Claggor.”
 
  Leona nodded, sighed. “Those are good picks. Theyll kill it.”
 
  “Fuck yeah they will,” Vi responded.
 
  Leonas eyes snapped to Vis as she shifted until her back was against the cool grey of the tunnel, taking in the shorter player. They stood in comfortable silence for a minute, breathing gently, companions.
 
  “I remember,” Vi said, “the first play we had against one another. I thought I was a billy badass, could run at anyone and get away scott free. First time you brought the puck out of your zone I wanted to run you right off of it.”
 
  Leona chuckled at the memory. “You flew off of me like a pinball.”
 
  “It was like checking a statue. You were made of marble. Fuck, you were my hero for a while after that. Illaoi modelled some of her game after you — did you know that?”
 
  Leona, surprised, raised her eyebrows.
 
  “She said that?”
 
  “Doesnt have to,” Vi responded, “you see the way she lowers her shoulder to make sure someone flies off of her when they challenge? Pure oldschool Leona.”
 
  Leona was silent, twisting to watch Illaoi walk out of the tunnel — built similarly, but Illaoi moved with a slight more grace to her, her stick a lashing tentacle, a long and deadly reach.
 
  “If that Leona — old school Leona — were around,” Vi said, “Id want her to have the A in a heartbeat.”
 
  Leona huffed in amusement, then nodded, straightening from her slouch to inhale deeply, exhale on a winding, whistling breath. “Im not digging deep again, Cap — not for a team that doesnt give a shit.”
 
  “We give a shit,” Vi began.
 
  “We do 
  
    now
  
  , but talk to me in the dog days of January. Talk to me after a double overtime game that we lose to a shitty turnover. Talk to me when were struggling for a playoff berth miles away from our families.”
 
  Vi shook her head. “It aint like that. We dont have quit in us.”
 
  “Easy talk at the beginning of the campaign,” Leona responded, “but when we get pumped three—goose and are barely above 500, this locker room is going to change. We have a coach with a half years experience, a bunch of meathead defenders, and our best players hurt for the first month while our second best has a rap as the worst teammate in the league.”
 
  Vi raised her eyebrows. “Youve practised with her for a month and still think shes a dog?”
 
  “Landsman wasnt raised a fool,” Leona reminded, “comes from her. And practice is practice — when Kiramman folds in a game the rest of the crew will see it too. I been around, Cap, and I aint here to submarine what you guys are selling — Im a good soldier, and I know my role. But dont come talking to me about being better, digging deep, when we could be complete dogshit out of the gate without any room to get better.”
 
  Vi nodded, then shifted a little bit closer, looking up at Leonas strong jawline. “Lets make it a bet.”
 
  “A bet?” Leona asked.
 
  “In January, were in the playoff hunt,” Vi said, licking her lips, “you go get old Leona, bring her back in here, dust her off, get her ready. We need her in the playoffs.”
 
  Leona nodded, both eyebrows hitting her hairline. “And if were in the basement?”
 
  “Ill give you my car,” Vi said.
 
  Leona grunted. “I do love your car.”
 
  “Deal?” Vi asked, pulling her glove off with her armpit and extending a hand.
 
  Leona considered it, pulled her glove off, and shook. “Deal.”
  
  “Bangle City tomorrow,” Sevika said to the assembled Sumprats, each taking a knee on the ice, “and we know that we arent losing our first game as a club. To commemorate you all making it through to the beginning of what Im sure will be a successful first season of Sumprats hockey, we finally got something for you rugrats.”
 
  Viktor skated onto the ice holding a box, and immediately the team began roaring in excitement, slapping their sticks on the ice. Sevika reached in to pull out a black sweater with white numbers, red trim around them and a big logo of the Zaun Sumprats plastered to the front. The jerseys were sleek, the font slanting and bold, shaped like the city they hailed from.
 
  “First and foremost,” Sevika said, and handed number 33 to Caitlyn — a C on the chest.
 
  The team applauded, Poppy reaching to tap Caitlyn on the shin as she unfolded it — the slanted and scrawled 
  
    KIRAMMAN
  
   in bold on the back.
 
  “Second and third, Id like to introduce you all to our assistant captains — Poppy Tieth and Claggor Stoic.”
 
  The team whooped in applause as Poppy and Claggor accepted their jerseys — Poppy with stunned shock and pleasure, Claggor with a grin that couldnt help but carve itself into his stone face.
 
  “Viks going to hand them out. With these sweaters, ladies and gentlemen, we are officially brothers and sisters in hockey. Love each other, respect each other, and lets beat the shit out of some Red Pandas.”
 
  With hollering, the players rose to their skates, caught the jerseys flung towards them, laughed and jostled each other. Caitlyn skated towards the box, picked a jersey out, and made her way to Vi, tossing it at her.
 
  Vi unfolded it — the logo and the C on the front, the back the number 6 with WICKETT in bold — and watched Caitlyn with a smile curling her lips.
 
  “Showtime,” Caitlyn said, and Vi nodded.
 
  “Showtime.”
  
  The arena was buzzing with excitement as the Sumprats took the ice against the Bangle City Red Pandas, the dull roar of the crowd making Vis back teeth buzz. She was seated in the front row, not on the bench due to the limited room on it — Sevika prowling back and forth, jaw working a hunk of nicorette gum into a frenzy, Viktor remaining steadfast and still as he scanned the ice. The Sumprats bench was full of nervous energy, Mylos knee bouncing so rapidly that he looked as though he was operating a jackhammer, constantly vibrating.
 
  On the ice, Graves tapped each of his posts, his jaw moving beneath his mask as he talked to himself, rolled his shoulders. His sideburns were barely visible on either side of his helmet, little brown tufts that caught the light as the Arena flashed lights with the Sumprats logo in spinning rotations, making it look like the rat was dancing, taunting.
 
  Darius and Riven were skating in perfect unison, rounding the corners of the little area of the blue line with perfect, in—sync body tilts, talking as best as they could over the sound the home crowd was making. Illaoi and Diana were also talking, but they were passing a puck back and forth, warming up their stick handling with a quick move between each blurry pass, the sounds of rubber on wood swallowed up by the Zaunites.
 
  All were displaying their nerves, all kept glancing around them at how loud the crowd was — for warmups of a meaningless game 1 of an 82 game season.
 
  Only Caitlyn appeared calm, serene, skating back and forth at centre ice, head tilted back, a soft smile on her face.
 
  It was her routine every game, and every game it was the same. When they played against each other, Vi had liked to get in her business early, mirror her skating movements to try and fuck with her. It was something that the rest of the league caught onto early, too — by Caitlyns third season, one skater was always shadowing her in warmups, trying to get into her head.
 
  When the Red Pandas sent someone to try and do it, Claggor met them halfway with a smile, nodded his head.
 
  “Whats up?” he asked, putting his body in front of the Pandas skater, stopping them in their tracks.
 
  They kept their respectful distance, now — even still, Claggor hung out with his blades on the ice, chatting to the bench while keeping his eyes on the Red Pandas bench.
 
  Soon, the national anthem played — the assembled skaters standing with their helmets off, watching the Runeterra flag and the world flag side by side, slowly raising into the rafters for the first time in Sumprats history. The crowd loudly sang along with the lyrics, erupting in raucous cheering and thumping as the anthem ended on a high note, the five starting players skating to their positions, Caitlyn looking around, bending low, eyes on the centre dot.
 
  Darius lined up for the faceoff, and Vi inhaled sharply.
 
  “Here we go,” she said to herself.
  
  “Here we go,” muttered Sevika.
  
  “Here we go,” Mel said, watching the game from her office, not daring to watch live, fearful of superstition.
  
  “Hey 46,” Mylo called from the bench, “I hope you skate better than you bathe!”
  
  The puck dropped, and Darius stick lashed out, slamming it home to Caitlyn who fired a zipping pass to Illaoi, and the game was on.
  
  They were shaky, and sloppy, a team trying to come together in their first game in every single sense. Sevikas voice constantly barked criticisms, complaints, encouragements as the Red Pandas attacked the Sumprats in their zone, kept them pinned back with precise passing and masterful stick handling.
 
  Illaoi levelled a winger against the boards to try and create space, the puck squirting free to Mylos stick, who raced up ice with it. He was met by two defenders who spun him with a shoulder check, stripping the puck. As the counter—attack started, Poppy broke up a play by intercepting a pass and zipping the puck out to a waiting Ashe, who bobbled it and chased it into the corner, setting up a sloppy Sumprats possession. Caitlyn got it at the blue line, saw two Pandas try to close her off, and kicked the puck out to Illaoi for a one—timer that was turned away and covered up for the whistle.
 
  “Win the draw,” Sevika called, as Darius line leapt onto the ice, Poppys line coming back. Illaoi also changed out for Claggor, with Caitlyn the sole Sumprat remaining. “Caitlyn, shoot the fucking puck.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, skated back to the faceoff.
 
  Darius won the draw out to Claggor, but Claggor lost control of it, forcing Caitlyn to speed back for it and slow the play down. She watched the Red Pandas collapse on the neutral zone, waited, waited, and then—
 
  “Riven! Go!”
 
  Riven took off, legs pumping, stripping free of her defender as Caitlyn snapped a pass off of the boards, directly onto Rivens stick. Riven was alone with the goaltender, and with a single deke, guided the puck through the tenders legs for the goal.
 
  1—0 Sumprats, and the crowd nearly blew the roof off the arena.
 
  Darius and Diana crashed into Riven for the celebration, Claggor followed shortly behind. Caitlyn started skating to the bench, only to see her whole team gesturing wildly for her to join in. Looking confused and unused to it, Caitlyn made her way to the hug pile and tapped Rivens skate with her stick.
 
  “Great finish,” she said, and Riven practically tackled her.
 
  “Holy fuck, what a 
  
    pass
  
  , Captain,” Riven crooned, “that was 
  
    magic.
  
  ”
 
  The Pandas began to get desperate, focusing in on Caitlyns passing ability, looking to cut her off at every turn. Caitlyn was forced to give it up quickly, little snappy passes built to create space for her team instead of create chances. Vi was waiting nervously, biting her thumb in the front row of the arena, surrounded by fans. The Red Pandas shouldve been beating on Caitlyn by now, taking her out of the game, but Claggors gesture at the beginning of the game seemed to make them slow down, consider their options.
 
  When Claggor was off the ice and it was Leona and Caitlyn, they tried their luck — a sneaky cross check that sent Caitlyn sprawling to the ice. Immediately, Leona skated up to the offender and shoved them back into the boards, eyes blazing.
 
  “The fuck was 
  
    that
  
  ,” Leona snarled as a little shoving scrum started, Caitlyn getting to her feet quickly, skating backwards as the refs blew the whistle.
 
  Mylo and Diana came over to break it up with a few Red Pandas, the instigator and Leona barking at each other in veiled threats. Both got two minute offsetting penalties, and Claggor hopped onto the ice, skated over towards the Red Pandas bench.
 
  “Whos going?” Claggor asked, smiling, and after a moment, the largest Red Panda clambered over the boards.
 
  As soon as the next puck dropped, Claggor and the Panda tossed off their gloves, each grabbing a hold of each others jersey, and circled in. The Panda tried two over—the top jabs that Claggor blocked by jerking them backwards by their sweater, and landed a huge haymaker that sent the other skater crashing to the ground, keeping his hold on the Panda to ensure they didnt hurt themselves. Claggor bared his teeth to the crowd, which lustily roared its approval, thumping their feet and slamming their hands against their handrests as Claggor unclipped his helmet and skated himself to the penalty box, Leona grinning and holding the door open for him.
 
  “Good tilly,” the Panda called to Claggor, and Claggor raised his water bottle in acknowledgement.
 
  “Good fight,” he responded, sitting on the sin bin bench, adjusting his gear. “Thanks for letting them know the score, Leona.”
 
  “Dirty fuckin hit,” Leona growled back.
 
  The game remained 1—nil going into the first intermission, and the crowd was buzzing.
 
  “Fuckin see that hit on Kiramman?”
 
  “Dirty ass hit. Glad that we have Stoic though, yeah?”
 
  “Boy can
  
     fight!
  
  ”
 
  “I never seen wheels on someone like Riven, holy fuck.”
 
  “Two more frames to go. Come on, Sumprats, lets go, lets go.”
  
  “Tighten the fuck up out there,” Sevika growled, “Mylo, keep the puck tight to you — you cough it up again Ill tape it to your forehead. Poppy, you dont gotta smoke them every time — you got a fucking stick, use it. Darius, way to win those draws — were getting the 50—50 pucks, were battling hard. But the score shouldnt be this fucking tight, you hear me?”
 
  The locker room nodded as Sevika wheeled around to Caitlyn. “Claggor, you set the tone out there. Keep these fuckers in check — they beat on Kiramman again I want them in a body bag. Kiramman, what the fuck are you waiting for — shoot the fucking puck.”
 
  “Yes Coach,” Caitlyn replied.
  
  On a puck drop in the second period, Caitlyn slid a pass to Illaoi and tapped her stick immediately for the pass—back, watching the defence ebb and flow around it, a heartbeat. She called out to Illaoi again, slipped the puck to her, and the offense rotated — Caitlyn sliding down to the right of the goaltender, Mylo on her opposite end, Poppy behind the net, and Diana and Illaoi on the blue line. Illaoi fired it over to Diana, who slid it to Mylo, who chipped it — wobbly — over to Caitlyn, who controlled it, slowed it down.
 
  The goaltender tried to keep up with the quick passing, eyes still on Mylo, dived to try and cover Caitlyns side. For a moment, Caitlyn saw her opening, saw the goal, the high chance of making it 2—0.
 
  Instead, she zipped a pass to Poppy, who tucked the puck into the now—gaping net, the netminder too focused on the threat of Caitlyn.
 
  The crowd roared, and this time Caitlyn was ready for Poppy bee—lining it to her to leap into her arms, the other three crashing into her, thumping her helmet.
 
  “Captain dimes over here,” Poppy shouted.
 
  As Poppy skated down the Sumprats bench, thumping her fist against her teammates waiting extended gloves, Sevika grabbed Caitlyn.
 
  “You had a perfect shot,” she growled.
 
  “Poppy had a better one,” Caitlyn replied.
 
  “Shoot the fucking puck, Kiramman,” Sevika responded, and stepped away to shout 
  
    good finish, Poppy
  
   as Caitlyn skated back to the faceoff circle. Vi watched her closely — perspiration dotted her forehead, but she didnt seem tired, or show signs of slowing down. She looked happy — flushed, glowing, despite her expression remaining carefully neutral as she sized up the competition. Shed played most of the first period, was well on her way of playing most of the second.
 
  “Has Kiramman even come out yet?” one fan said close to Vis seat.
 
  “I hope not,” came the reply, “Pilties got passes.”
 
  The Red Pandas went on the offensive, and Caitlyn was on the bench for one particularly vicious assault — the five skaters wheeling in a tight formation, tight, crisp passes around the edges. A quick pass out to the blue line had a big defenseman on the Pandas fire a howitzer that Mylo dove in front of, the shot ricocheting up off of his hip and over the glass to the hands of a lucky fan. Mylo grunted in pain, gained his feet, and skated alongside the larger man.
 
  “Fuck, bud, are you ugly. Dumb, bad, and ugly —you oughtta pick a struggle, you get me?”
 
  “Fuck off, Mylo,”
 
  “Did I pinch a nerve, sweetie?” Mylo called as they separated for the faceoff. The very next play, the bigger skater slammed his elbow into Mylos temple, resulting in a brief scrum that had Mylo cackling with laughter. The crowd exploded with boos as the big defenseman got two minutes for elbowing, putting the Sumprats on the powerplay. The entire time the D—man was sent to the box, Mylo was jawing.
 
  “You aint shit, big ugly. You aint shit.”
 
  “Trying to make me look like you will take all the elbows on your squad, you fuckin hump.”
 
  “Dont get comfy in there, big guy — were about to make it three—zip.”
 
  They made good on that promise on the power play — five skaters on the Sumprats versus the four Red Pandas. Caitlyn commanded the unit—  Diana, Riven, and Thresh her forwards, Leona on the blue line with Caitlyn for her absolute cannon of a slapshot. Caitlyn slid the puck to the slot, got it back from Riven as she zipped it to Thresh, watching the defence react, the goaltenders eyes.
 
  Riven zipped it back to Caitlyn and she wound up, drawing two defenders towards her for a moment, watched them back off. All game, shed been faking the slapshot to lead into the pass, and the defense had caught on.
 
  In the stands, Vi smiled.
 
  Caitlyn fired.
 
  The goal horn was screaming even before the goaltender and the defence could react, and Caitlyn was mobbed by her teammates as she raised her stick in celebration. Mylo on the bench lifted his stick like a rifle, pointed it in the air, and mimed firing it — the bench roaring with laughter as Caitlyn skated towards the beginning of her bench, gliding along it, tapping her knuckles against each of her teammates. She looked up to see Vi standing and applauding, a grin on her face.
 
  3—0 Sumprats.
 
  The goal had the big defenseman skating back to his bench, the game going back to even strength, but all the momentum was on the Sumprats side now — the Red Pandas trying some halfhearted attacks that were turned away by some expert, veteran goaltending on Graves part. Frustrated, a Red Panda clipped Poppy with a high stick that resulted in Poppy and her dropping the gloves — ending when Poppy hit the Red Panda so hard in the stomach that they doubled over and the fight needing to be broken up. The crowd roared their approval as the game drew to a close, the Sumprats raising their sticks in salute of their home crowd, grinning like fools.
 
  The first official Zaun Sumprats game ended with 3—0 Sumprats the score, and the crowd continued to scream their approval a half hour after the final buzzer sounded. When the three stars were announced, they got to their feet with cheers.
 
  The third star of the game was Graves, with 29 saves and a shutout. He emerged from the tunnel to raise his stick, and ducked back inside.
 
  With a goal and an assist, Poppy came out to accept the second star of the game, clapping awkwardly and bowing low, ears up and twitching.
 
  When Caitlyn was announced as the first star, she skated onto the ice for a tight circle, helmet off, stick raised in salute. When she skated back towards the tunnel, Vi was waiting for her — Sumprats hat on, new sweater in place, to grab her in a tight, laughing hug.
 
  The image would be the front page of the Zaun Gazette the next morning — two old rivals embracing after an exhilarating first win.
  
  “Game puck,” Sevika said, and flipped it to Caitlyn, earning her a cheer and a shake from Claggor and Vi on either side of her, unable to help the grin that curled her lips.
 
  “Enjoy the win, folks,” Sevika said, “but tomorrow its all business. Were heading to Noxus for our first road trip, and the War Horses will bring their big guns. Good work, get some sleep.”
 
  Sevika left the room as the team whooped and hollered, and couldnt help her own grin — in private — as she limped down the tunnel.
 
  1 and 0 as a coach of a new team.
 
  Not that bad.
  
  
    Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column
  
 
  WE WON
 
  WE WON
 
  WE WON
 
  Normally I do this whole after party thing where I say a bunch of snide, evil sounding shit but FUCK ALL THAT WE WON
 
  A TEAM — 
  
    MY
  
   TEAM — WON
 
  Guys for so long Ive been a fucking Shurima Artifacts fan because some Zaunite was on it, or followed the Ironfists because they had Vi, or been deep on the fucking… whatever, Void Stars with their weird SHHH sound effects just because some Zaunite or other made their roster, but never have I been so fucking overwhelmed because they werent 
  
    Zaun
  
   teams, you know? They were just — placeholders. Something to fuckin hang my hat on.
 
  But not ANYMORE, BITCHES
 
  MY TEAM WON. THE ZAUN SUMPRATS — 
  
    WE
  
   WON.
 
  I know that Ill have to do a whole thing about the winners and losers of this game and I know that were flawed and that when Kiramman isnt on the ice we cant seem to score worth a shit — she played like 37 minutes or something insane last night, what a work horse — and I know that we wont know what we have without Wickett playing, and I know that we seemed a little light on plays, but none of that 
  
    fucking matters
  
   because WE HAVE A TEAM NOW.
 
  WE HAVE A TEAM, ZAUN.
 
  AND WE WON!




  
  Ahris days were all the same — wake up, stretch her back, suck down a meal designed to pack on protein and grow muscle, stretch her back, bum around the house doing nothing except 
  
    focusing on healing
  
  , stretch her back, go to sleep. Ever since shed been laid out in the playoffs last year, shed been put on ice, a spine injury that the doctors had given her one years recovery time from. 
 
  Her summer was spent with her camp deciding whether or not to go for surgery, a dangerous prospect in its own regard. Throughout all of professional sports, back injuries were marred by the same stories on repeat — get the surgery, and it only caused further problems down the road. Abstain from the surgery, and the road to recovery was long. Both paths were convoluted, had too many variables to be able to predict with any reliability. Hockey specifically was notorious for back injuries going wrong — wearing pads and getting hit were both necessities to the sport, and both had adverse effects on a healing body.
 
  Worse than the physical, though, was the mental — Garrens face filling her vision as he stood over her, remorse carved into his features as he frantically waved for a stretcher, the breath echoing shallowly in her lungs as she tried to inhale — tried desperately to inhale — only managing short, shallow gasps. Akali was overtop of her, too, squeezing her glove, murmuring how it was going to be okay, it was going to be alright.
 
  The two of them were practically sisters ever since Ahri had been drafted by Noxus, hailed as the one—two punch. Ahri and Akali both were accomplished stick handlers, good scorers, had great wheels — their ice time almost equal in the regular season due to what they brought to the table. But theyd never quite learned how to play together, two high—flying, scoring wings that needed a playmaker to keep them in it.
 
  Akali had been the first line, starting on the ice at puck drop, and Ahri had been the second — a one—two punch. The War Horses always had 
  
    one
  
   of the two of them skating out there, part of the reason theyd won three cups in the eight years that Ahri had been playing.
 
  But none of that mattered — not the quasi rivalry of Akali and her as Akalis brow creased with worry, not the three different times that her name was written on the cup with three different years. All that had mattered was the words that had erupted out of her throat, looking at Garren and Akali, the stretcher being hustled onto the ice.
 
  “I cant feel my back,” she croaked, and she saw Garrens eyes squeeze tight, head tilted back at the realisation of what hed done.
 
  Shed watched the replay since.  Couldnt stop watching it. It was a total fluke play, and, worst of all, the War Horses had been 
  
    up
  
   by two goals. It was late in the third, game four of a seven round series, and the War Horses were looking to tie the series 2—2, had fallen into defense mode — keep Demacia from attacking, keep the puck out of their own zone. On normal nights, the play wasnt even that dangerous — but in the third frame of a Finals game where two teams were battling hard, no Zamboni in the world couldve smoothed the ice well enough to prevent it.
 
  Ahri had gone into the corner to get a loose puck, and had beaten Garren there by a hair. Ahri had turned to shuffle pass the puck to her defender behind the net, keep the play away from Garren and his line of bruisers, and shed prepared for the chip hit, the standard hockey play in the corner — slow the opponent down a little as you went by.
 
  Except as Ahri turned, her skate hit a divot — a deep, deep score made by another skater turning hard. Her ankle turned some. At the same time, Garren hit a patch of rough snow, wobbled, and wasnt able to cut speed, coming into the corner full force. He hit Ahri as she was staggering forwards, nearly horizontal to the ice, and just barely managed to catch her jersey to keep her head slamming into frost.
 
  It was a hit that everyone in the arena knew was bad immediately — Ahris ears, foxlike and large, twitched to catch the lack of sound. It surprised her every time she watched it, how a Noxus crowd could go from cheering violently to stunned silent as soon as her limp body hit the ice.
 
  Garren had thought hed paralyzed her. He confessed as much after he visited her in the hospital room. Hed gotten a games suspension — a punishment that was ridiculous if you asked anyone in the league, including her, for a freak accident that Garren wasnt in control of. But if you watched the replay once instead of 900 times, it looked like Garren had taken a run at her, injured her on purpose.
 
  Ahri had catalogued the way the boards rattled — lined up the sound that they made over her shitty laptop speakers and phone and surround sound of her entertainment system and just the audio version in her car speakers — memorized the way her glove had fired up over Garrens shoulder, desperate for something to cling to. She catalogued the gasp from her tendie, her d—men, the way Akali immediately launched herself over the boards from the bench and raced to see if she was okay. The way that every player on both teams knelt as the stretcher laid down and the paramedics rushed around Ahris head and side, Garren and Akali standing nearby, hand on each others waists as they watched nervously, a brief show of siblinghood amidst skaters.
 
  The applause and stick taps as shed been lifted off of the ice and carried down the tunnel helped improve her mood from a black cloud to a dark purple one, lightning still present within. Ahri got up,  stretched her back, sucked down a meal designed to pack on protein and grow muscle, stretched her back, bummed around the house doing nothing except 
  
    focusing on healing
  
  , stretched her back, and went to sleep. 
 
  Her doctors had given her a gentle rowing machine, a belt massager, things that she could be doing to actively increase the muscles of her abs and back instead of just making it hurt less. She was given instructions to swim more, ways to keep in shape that kept the weight off of her spine. She had whole books of aerobics that were dropped off by friends and family in order to keep her in shape, get her back out there, back on the ice where the rattle of boards and dead silence of the arena and stick tapping/applause combo could haunt her wherever she skated.
 
  When the War Horses had left her off the protection list, shed heard that Akali had been furious. Shed heard that Akali had said 
  
    so much for loyalty
  
   and 
  
    if youre so sure shell be back then why isnt she still a War Horse
  
   and 
  
    I love that girl like a sister
  
  , but Ahri was sure that Akali had breathed a little easier, too. She didnt blame her — Ahri was the young stud and Akali was the old stallion — eventually, you got put out to pasture for the newer brand. She was more surprised when the new team — the Zaun Sumpmice or something — picked her up. Her agent told her that Mel Medarda had been told her medicals and had taken a chance, and if she could get back in the rink itd be a great opportunity to carve her own way, out from Akalis shadow.
 
  Ahri had hung up after that, and gone back to watch the hit a few more times. She hadnt watched any hockey except for her last moments — and thats truly what she thought of them, her last moments as a Hockey player. Her agent tried a few more times to excite her — saying that shed be on the same team as Caitlyn Kiramman (intriguing, maybe, but not enough for her to row) and Vi Wickett (respectful, certainly, but not enough for her to use a belt massager) and that theyd even gotten Diana and Leona together (they were fun at All Star Games, definitely, but that didnt get her into the pool).
 
  She hadnt even gotten on a plane to go to the Zauns new fangled arena, stating to Medarda that her back was in no shape to travel. In reality, it was mostly the weight of it all. Meeting new people was hard, and meeting 13 new people plus coaches, trainers, staff, and potentially GMs and marketing dudes was worse than exhausting — it was debilitating. She was in a hole with her little video of the death of her career and thats where she wanted to stay.
 
  But her agent came over one day with pizza and a plan. A Zaunite through and through, they settled Ahri on the couch with the fine italian cuisine (“If youre not training to go back then why pretend to eat like it, eh?”) and flipped through channels on her flat screen, leaving Ahri to dejectedly toss pizza crusts into her mouth, tearing them off bit by bit.
 
  “Oh, hey — I have a potential client I need to watch,” said her agent, their smile glinting.
 
  “Corey,” Ahri began, a threatening tone to her voice.
 
  “Its not a trap,” Corey explained, springing their trap, “I just need to catch the highlights of the Sumprats game. Kiramman is unrepresented currently and its a contract year.”
 
  “You couldve watched this in your own home,” Ahri pointed out.
 
  “Aw, but you know hockey better than anyone I know, Ahr.”
 
  “You couldve watched this with 
  
    Sevika
  
  , as in, 
  
    current coach of the Sumprats
  
  .”
 
  “Shes not as good company, and her TV is smaller. Besides, youre ignoring me. You wouldnt turn your back on your good buddy Corey just because they want to watch a little hockey near ya, would you?”
 
  Ahri glared, then folded her arms, ears flat against her head. “On with it, then,” she grouched.
 
  Corey whooped, and booted up the Pandas v. Sumprats game on IceTime, the agents/players/coaches combined app for just highlighting specific plays instead of having to watch the whole game. Corey selected the Kiramman camera angle, and slouched low in their seat, suit pants curling under their legs as they grinned at the screen.
 
  Caitlyn was skating backwards, eyes on the play as the Red Pandas attacked, long legs crossing over effortlessly as the attackers moved to either side of her. She was in the right position, stick out to block the passing lane, eyes darting from player to player, trying to read them. Ahri was familiar with it — last year the War Horses had to go through Kiramman and the Lone Stars on their way to the finals, and Kiramman had absolutely torched their goaltender, had gotten better and better as the games had gone on.
 
  “I love me some Caitlyn Kiramman,” Corey said, flipping open a spiral notebook and pulling out a well chewed pencil.
 
  “She doesnt look beat up,” Ahri said, idly, “usually shes a lot rougher right now. The Pandas must not be—”
 
  She frowned, squinted, as Kiramman funnelled the play to Illaoi, and the big defender levelled one of the Pandas, Kiramman scooping up the puck and changing the direction of play, the counter—attack building.
 
  “Pandas have to chip her,” Ahri said, and Kiramman moved untouched across the blue line, finding her center — Darius — over the middle with a pretty pass to race the puck into the Pandas zone. The play ended with a Pandas save, and cover up for the whistle.
 
  “Why arent the Pandas chipping her?” Ahri asked, “thats the whole book on Kiramman. Beat her until she falls.”
 
  Corey smiled, pointing at the screen.
 
  “Oh,” Ahri said as Claggors face was suddenly filling the television as he hopped off to join Kiramman for the draw, skating close — real, 
  
    real
  
   close — to a Red Pandas enforcer that was watching Kiramman.
 
  Ahri leaned back, a smile on her lips. “Oh, boy. League fucked.”
 
  Coreys smile turned into a grin. “Right?”
 
  “If Kirammans going to be protected now, it almost doesnt matter that the rest of the team cant shoot.”
 
  “Yeah,” Corey said, whimsically, “yeah, they definitely need another goal scorer.”
 
  Ahri eyed Corey. Corey eyed her back.
 
  “Fuck off,” Ahri muttered, tossing a pillow at them.
 
  Laughing, Corey tucked it behind their head. “Ahri, look at this competition. Picture it — you out there with an unfettered Kiramman, an unhinged Wickett. Youll get 50 goals a game easy.”
 
  “Nobody can pass on this squad either, dipshit,” Ahri said, as Corey flipped through clips at a rapid pace, searching for something, “who am I going to get the puck from — the faceoff?”
 
  “Watch,” Corey said, and hit play.
 
  The faceoff was drawn back to Kiramman, and she skated backwards, looking, looking, looking. To the laymen she seemed like she lost focus, was too deep in her own zone, screening her own goalie to boot. The Red Pandas circled, hesitated, and then leapt forwards to attack. Kirammans mouth opened, and the clip widened out to the whole ice as number 4 — Riven — suddenly began taking off like a gunshot.
 
  Kirammans stick flashed, and the puck banked off of the boards like a slapshot, landed right on the tape of Rivens stick.
 
  “Woah,” Ahri said, “wait. Rewind that?”
 
  Corey rewound, and Ahri watched the video again.
 
  Corey talked about Kirammans passing game — about having an offensive defender opened up options for Ahri, about how Kiramman would be on the ice most of the time she would be, and Ahri watched the video again.
 
  Corey talked about the Pizza when Ahri proved a poor conversationalist, and Ahri watched the video again.
 
  Corey went home to feed their dogs, and Ahri watched the video again.
 
  In the morning, Ahri got up,  stretched her back, sucked down a meal designed to pack on protein and grow muscle, stretched her back, and took her phone with her to her guest bedroom — the row machine, the belt massager, and the window overlooking the pool all standing dormant, watching her. With a few button presses, Ahri had the video on a loop — the pass, perfection. The hands, the eyes — amazing. The speed of Riven to get there — phenomenal.
 
  Ahri sat down on the row machine, gripped the handles, and hit 
  
    loop
  
   on the video, watching the rebirth of her career in a single pass.
 
  It would all start, she thought, grunting through the exertion, with another—



  Run at the Cup.
 
  October Part Two: Past—Tense
 
  
    You are not defeated when you lose. Youre defeated when you quit.
  
 
  Paulo Coehlo



  
    2008 — Rookie Year
  
 
  “You need to be respectable,” Mother had said, “after all, you never know who will need to come by — sponsorships, brand building opportunities.”
 
  “Yes, Mother,” Caitlyn replied, standing in the middle of her condo in the Piltover high rise, a gated community within one of Runeterras richest cities. The rink was two hours drive away, a drive that Caitlyn had — to put a positive spin on it — been looking forward to catching up on podcasts while driving. The Condo was furnished in cool metallic colours and greys, looked spotless and gleaming and… cold. Cold was the word that kept floating through Caitlyns head.
 
  “Amara tells me,” Mother began, “that youre looking at purchasing a vehicle?”
 
  “Im nearly three hours away from the rink. Ill need to get there somehow.”
 
  “Can you not just take the driver?”
 
  Caitlyn gave her mother a look, and Cassandra Kiramman raised both hands in surrender.
 
  “Okay, okay. Youre a big girl now — you can make your own decisions.”
 
  Caitlyn pointedly glanced around at the apartment, and her mother waved her off.
 
  “Thats a reflection on us, dear — the Kirammans, you know. We may have family friends who will look to meet you in your own space, and it needs to be up to our standards. Which brings us to the vehicle — keep it classy, a sedan of some kind. Ill send you a list.”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled through her nose, pinching it lightly. She was still awkward and gangly, barely turned nineteen — a year out of college and already cruising for a bright future in the league. Her mother was proud — she thought. At least, Cassandra Kiramman 
  
    said
  
   she was proud. But her displays of pride were more inwardly focused — focused on the Kiramman name more than her daughters accomplishments. She seemed to still consider this whole thing — Hockey in general — as a distraction.
 
  “You and Dad still coming to my first game?”
 
  “Why yes dear,” Cassandra said absently, already frowning at a phone in her hand — appearing as if summoned. Cassandra was in the middle of re—elections, a tumultuous part of her life that had her constantly distracted. Caitlyn rolled her eyes good naturedly, waited until her mother was finished.
 
  “Ridiculous,” Cassandra muttered, “just ridiculous. The council is trying to table the Zaun reparations until the next decade. My campaign manager just informed me its hurting my poll numbers.”
 
  “For the waste runoff in the drinking water?” Caitlyn asked, genuinely curious.
 
  Cassandra nodded. “They think itd be best if I table my platform of drinking water for Zaun and reparations for the chemical leak until Im elected.”
 
  “Well,” Caitlyn frowned, “but thatd be wrong.”
 
  Her mother nodded. “Itd be 
  
    political
  
  . I despise being political. Anyways — yes, dear — your father and I wouldnt miss your first game. Is it against these rascals, these… War Bison?”
 
  “War Horses,” Caitlyn corrected, amused.
 
  “The fiends.” Cassandra said, baring her teeth. “Well, I must go talk to Angelo about this immediately. Remember, cleaning service comes Tuesdays and Fridays, and if you need anything at all just ask.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, waited until her mother disappeared through the door, leaving the room feeling devoid of oxygen and windswept, like a storm had just vanished over the horizon. She looked around her new home — 
  
    hers
  
   — and grinned bright and big.
 
  She tugged the Lone Stars cap she wore over her eyebrows, and skipped into her bedroom.
  
  
    Present
  
 
  “See the list yet?” Caitlyn asked Vi as the two of them dumped their gear in the Last Drops player lounge, both bulging hockey bags carefully tagged with their names and personalised stickers. Caitlyns was a rifle scope — one that Mylo insisted she grab after the Red Pandas game yesterday — and Vis was a boxing glove — an homage to the casual sport shed picked up in her summers off to keep up her cardio.
 
  “Not yet,” Vi replied, “but I assumed that itd be us.”
 
  “It is,” Caitlyn responded, and Vi shrugged.
 
  “Makes sense, I guess. I wondered if Sevika would pair us with younger people, to teach them the ways of the road.”
 
  “If they dont know the ways of the road by now,” Caitlyn began, as the two walked shoulder to shoulder through The Last Drops red and black adorned corridors, heading towards where the team bus was waiting at the front of the building to take them to the airport.
 
  “Theres always a donkey,” Vi responded, “who tries new shit in a new situation. Its better to sniff them out and stick them with someone whos level headed, on the big side.”
 
  “Hey!” Mylo called, jogging down the hall. “Did you guys see the list?”
 
  “Not yet,” Vi replied at the same time as Caitlyn said “Yes I did.”
 
  “They stuck me with Claggor,” Mylo complained, “Claggor probably snores.”
 
  Caitlyn and Vi glanced at one another, sharing a brief and private smile. It still felt strange to shoot each other these little conspiratory glances — at least, to Caitlyn it did. Even when they were both wearing Sumprats team jackets, ballcaps — generally looking as though it wouldnt have been strange to joke around.
 
  Still. Old habits.
 
  “Claggor packed nasal strips,” Caitlyn said instead, “I saw them in his bag when he came in this morning.”
 
  “Invest in earplugs,” Vi replied, “just in case.”
 
  “Morning,” Illaoi called down the hall as she ducked into the lounge, ducked back out sans bulging hockey bag, “anyone seen the list?”
 
  “Not yet,” replied Vi, as Mylo said “Im with Claggor” and Caitlyn said “yes I did.”
 
  Illaoi stifled a yawn as she walked with the three of them. “Am I flying solo?”
 
  “Technically youre with Ahri,” Caitlyn said, “but since shes staying in Noxus, youve got the room to yourself.”
 
  “Thank God,” Illaoi grunted, “Ill get to stretch out on the plane and bus, too. Bad luck, Mylo — I hear Claggor snores.”
 
  Mylo turned to Caitlyn, gesturing.
 
  “Nasal strips,” Caitlyn reminded him.
 
  “Earplugs,” Vi insisted in turn.
 
  Illaoi ducked into the bathroom as Mylo grumbled and stomped off to find Claggor, leaving Vi and Caitlyn to continue their trek towards the bus.
 
  “First road trip,” Vi said, conversationally.
 
  “Always the best road trip,” Caitlyn replied, equally casual. Vi put a hand on Caitlyns abs, stopping them both from walking as Vi turned to face her, looked up at her. Her eyes were ice blue, scarred face and neck tattoos catching the early morning rays as they filtered through the bubbly, deep red windows.
 
  “Hey,” Vi began, “I know that you want to make a good impression on the squad, here, but dont do 
  
    everything
  
   for them, okay?”
 
  Caitlyn furrowed her brow. “What do you mean?”
 
  Vi glanced around, lowered her voice. “Youre assuring Mylo of the nasal strips and telling Illaoi who her road spouse is going to be when they can confirm all of that themselves. Dont set the precedent that youre going to do their jobs for them — let them do it themselves.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned at that, glancing down the hallway to where Poppy and Riven were checking the list posted to Sevikas door, the two of them grinning at one another and moving to dump their gear in the lounge.
 
  “I thought we were here to help,” Caitlyn responded.
 
  “We are,” Vi confirmed, “but were mostly here to guide. If you make them dependent on you, when youre not here they flounder. You have to strike a balance.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, gaze flicking up to where Mylo and Claggor were standing near the bus, Claggor shaking a pack of ear plugs at Mylo in one hand, holding nasal strips in the other. The two were laughing, shoving one another.
 
  “Strike a balance,” Caitlyn murmured, and locked her gaze back on Vi, “that makes sense.”
 
  Vi smiled a little hesitantly, then was jostled by Poppy and Diana racing for the bus, Leona striding behind them looking amused and exasperated. She paused by the two women, hesitated for a moment, and then approached.
 
  “Captains,” Leona said.
 
  “Hey, Lee,” Vi responded warmly, and Caitlyn sized her up, cleared her throat.
 
  “Leona,” Caitlyn started, “I just wanted to thank you for what you did at the game.”
 
  Leonas brow furrowed. “What, hitting the post in the third?”
 
  “No,” Caitlyn responded, shaking her head, “um, no. The — with the cross—checking. You stood up for me.”
 
  “Oh,” Leona said, then shrugged, “yeah, well, we wear the same sweater. Cant let anyone go beating on a teammate.”
 
  “Ill find a way to make it up to you,” Caitlyn replied, the words rehearsed and robotic because they were practised while staring at her steering wheel in the parking lot before shed made her way into the Last Drop Arena. 
 
  Leona watched her for a moment, looked at Vi, and looked back at Caitlyn. “Um,” she started, “sure thing, Captain.”
 
  Leona was a few paces away when Vi turned her full attention to Caitlyn, her eyes searching, and Caitlyn felt all her inadequacies exposed. Vi was going to see — fully see — that Caitlyn didnt know all the little rules and rituals that teammates had, that she had been such an awful example of sportsmanship that the Lone Stars — that Landsman — had put her on an island for over a decade.
 
  “When someone fucks with our own,” Vi began, gently, “its important to set the tone.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, watching Leona walk away, refusing to look over at the shorter woman as she spoke. “Im getting it. I just — the physical side of it isnt something that—”
 
  Vi pointed at Claggor, pointed at herself. “Thats why were here. Leave that to us.”
 
  “But if — setting the tone isnt setting someone straight, if you two have that covered, then what can I do?”
 
  “Youll find your own way,” Vi encouraged, gently. “The game isnt all rattling boards and levelling skaters. You did amazingly last night as a leader on the ice — you let your game speak for you. Maybe thats how you set the tone.”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled briefly. “I dont really — talking to people isnt exactly my greatest strength.”
 
  “Ill be the hype—up man,” Vi said, “you do your talking on the ice. Nobodys asking you to do locker room speeches or say the perfect thing to make someone feel valued — theyre asking you to be a role model. The rest of this stuff comes as you do it.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded as they watched the rest of their team gather around the bus, the atmosphere easy, light. Poppy was a sparkplug, keeping them energised and excited, and Claggor levelled them out when it got too hot with a big hand on their shoulder or a quiet, calming word.
 
  The As on their jackets were brand new, sewn on with pride and care.
 
  “First road trip of the campaign,” Caitlyn said, eyes on the bus, “and were going in to face Akali and the War Horses without a defensive specialist.”
 
  Vi shrugged. “Youre better than Akali.”
 
  Caitlyns eyes cut to Vi. “I thought I had the better team,” she replied, trying to keep the venom off of her tongue.
 
  “You had a better team than 
  
    me
  
  . Youre still better than Akali.” Vi said, casually.
 
  “We still cant stop her from scoring,” Caitlyn replied, gazing back at the bus.
 
  “True,” Vi said, and then bumped Caitlyn with her shoulder, grinned so wide that her missing molars flashed.
 
  “Whos going to stop you?”
  
  Noxus crowds were loud, the War Horses time honoured advantage in their own building. Fiercely patriotic and early to drink, Noxus boasted some of the most toxic, most rude, and most dedicated fans in Runeterra, drunk off of recent successes, entitled because of it. The bones of their team had been unchanged for years, and for the last decade they had been pencilled in as the favourite to come out of their division to compete in the finals.
 
  At the centre of their success was Akali, a goal scoring winger with a quick first step and hands to die for. She flowed in and out of the offence, eyes constantly on the move for the tip in, one—timer, or wrist opportunity, and liked to finish 
  
    flashy
  
  .
 
  In comparison to this decade of consistency, the Sumprats were a team that had won a single game against a lower tiered team, a team that was still finding their rhythm against the explosive firepower that the War Horses had at their disposal. They went down early, and went down big as the War Horses snuck two quick goals by a floundering Graves after peppering the Sumprats with slapshots.
 
  Caitlyn scooped up the loose puck in her own zone to stave off another assault, glanced down the ice at her options, and then quickly deked around Akali as the other forward dove towards her with a manic smile, immediately turning up—ice to punish her with an odd man rush. Akali was desperately out of the play, too greedy for the turnover, and the Sumprats turned it into a goal at the other end as Leona fired a clapper from the blue line and Darius tucked the rebound past the War Horses tendie.
 
  “Nice handle,” Akali said as she skated by Caitlyn after the celebration, grinning, and Caitlyn frowned. When theyd played before — when Caitlyn had skated with the Lone Stars — Akali had always been serious, determined to beat them. The games had been high scoring affairs with high tension, two titans of the league facing off against one another.
 
  “Youre loosened up,” Caitlyn commented, and Akali rolled her eyes.
 
  “Its warm ups out here — hey, tough break, going from one of the best to this squad.”
 
  Caitlyn kept her lips in a thin, serious line, skated back to the bench.
 
  Akali kept up her antics throughout the second period, seeming to constantly go for the highlight reel play, seeking out victims. She tried scoring by flipping the puck up with her stick and knocking it into the back of the net, tried to body—check Claggor and got dumped to the ice for her trouble, and tried to beat Riven in a foot race to an icing call, her laughter clear as a bell as the War Horses netted another goal, making the game 3—1. Caitlyn led a charge to close the gap, setting Ashe up for a quick wrist shot in the slot to make it 3—2, but the Sumprats were clearly outclassed. Nobody could slow Akali down, and the rest of the War Horses were running the Sumprats off of the rink.
 
  Caitlyn played most of two periods, was lightly winded in the locker room as Sevika tried to energise the team with a grumbling, acidic rant about keeping the corners clear and the opponents in front of them, but the locker room was lost on this one. The War Horses were too good, in Caitlyns mind — without Vi on Akali, they didnt have much of a shot.
 
  “Mylo,” Sevika said, “youre going to start wearing Akalis sweater now. Slow her down. Get in her head. Were one behind — lets close the gap.”
 
  The locker room clapped and Caitlyn rose from her bench, stick re—taped, gloves adjusted, when Sevika put a hand on her shoulder pad to keep her back as the rest of the team piled out.
 
  “Im benching you after the five minute mark,” Sevika said.
 
  Caitlyn frowned. “We wont catch up—”
 
  “Games an L, Kiramman. We need you to grab what rest you can. Take a breather on this one.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. Logically, it made sense — she was carrying a large load. She heard Vis voice murmuring about 
  
    striking a balance
  
  , pictured the rest of the season — this being game 2 of 82 — saw the perfect, plausible reasoning for her parking it the rest of the game.
 
  It still felt wrong. Bad.
 
  “Yes Coach,” she said, and headed out.
  
  Mylo was in Akalis ear, getting his stick under hers the entire time, tugging her jersey with a glove, chasing her all over the ice. Akali kept getting frozen out of plays, which opened up shooting opportunities for the rest of her team but kept her out of the action.
 
  The War Horses kept up the intensity, trying to put the game away for real, keeping it out of the Sumprats reach. They scored off of a lucky bounce on the powerplay, Akalis pass leading to a quick snapshot that took a rough angle off of Leonas skate and squirted over Graves pads. 
 
  Caitlyn was parked on the bench — likely for good — when Mylo threw his whole body behind swiping the puck away from Akali, starting a breakaway chance for Poppy that the War Horses goalie swatted away with their blocker. Akalis jaw jumped, her glare levelled at Mylo, and she tapped her stick on the ice twice while looking at her centre.
 
  The next puck drop, Akali got a pass and turned up ice, and predictably, Mylo was there to stop her, eyes lit up, fire burning behind them.
 
  Akali deked right, forcing Mylo to change directions suddenly, and then, in a blatantly flashy move, spun in a tight circle the opposing direction, spinning Mylo around in an embarrassing pirouette as she blasted past him, her cackle splitting the ice. The home town crowd roared with laughter as Mylo adjusted his helmet and charged after her, far too slow to stop the breakaway as Akali dangled the puck in front of her, tucked it between her legs with her stick, and shot it like she was a line—dancing cowboy, going between Graves legs to make it 5—2. 
 
  She fist pumped as she rounded the side of the net and sat on her stick like she was driving a car as her team laughed and mobbed her, the fans cheering as Graves straightened up and whacked his posts with his stick, skating away to shake off the goal as Mylo, beet red, skated to the bench to climb in through the door, sitting sullenly and ignoring the chipper pats to his shoulders his teammates bestowed upon them.
 
  “Thatll be on ESPN, Sturnsie,” Akali called as she skated by, pointing a finger in his face.
 
  Caitlyn watched it all with a tight frown.
 
  Mylo wasnt the same after that — making easy mistakes, fumbling the puck badly, the chirps dying in his throat. He was even more of a defensive liability, desperate to redeem himself, taking stupid chances that Leona and Illaoi had to bail him out of time and time again. Caitlyns hands gripped her stick as she watched, his play so erratic that Sevika called him over to the bench and sat him.
 
  “Shes so much fucking better,” Mylo gasped, “I cant fucking keep up, Coach. Im sorry — I just. Im sorry.”
 
  Caitlyn was tugging her gloves on before she knew what she was doing, and had one leg over the wall of the bench in a flash. It was a Sumprats powerplay — a War Horses player had caught Illaoi with an elbow — and Akali was on the penalty killing unit, milling around the faceoff circle.
 
  “Kiramman,” Sevika called, and Caitlyn shot her a look over her shoulder. In Sevikas face she could see the same frustration, the same desire for blood that ran through her veins at seeing her teammate get embarrassed — on purpose — like that.
 
  “Do what you gotta,” Sevika said, and Caitlyn nodded curtly.
 
  “Claggor,” Caitlyn called, “switch with me.” 
 
  As the big man skated back to the bench, Caitlyn moved to Diana and Leona, both watching her intently.
 
  “I know were pinching Akali in tonight, but let her at me. Darius, win the draw.”
 
  Darius nodded and skated back to the circle.
 
  “We going for the win?” Leona asked.
 
  Caitlyn shook her head. “Setting the tone.”
  
  Darius battled and won the draw, playing the puck back to Caitlyn who pushed towards the middle of the War Horses zone. Diana and Leona didnt chip Akali as she sailed forwards, and suddenly it was just Caitlyn and Akali, Akali and Caitlyn, with nothing but ice around them. Akalis grin turned feral, sensing another highlight to generate, and Caitlyn remained expressionless, calm.
 
  A shorthanded goal would round off the ESPN package, after all. A siren song too good to pass up.
 
  Akali lunged forwards to steal the puck, and Caitlyn pulled it backwards so she overbalanced, slid it between Akalis legs, and was behind her in a flash. She slowed so Akali could whip around to try to catch up, then deked it back, left then right at a blinding speed that had Akali whirling in a tight circle, struggling to keep her balance, and falling flat on her face.
 
  Caitlyn then bolted for the net in two massive strides, flicked the puck up with her stick, and batted it out of the air into the sliver of space between the goaltenders trapper and the post, the goal light burning red down on her as she stood to the left of the net and watched Akali.
 
  Caitlyn watched her as she clambered to her feet and her teammates raced around her to tap her skates with their sticks, Caitlyn holding a hand up to slow them down.
 
  Caitlyn watched Akali as Leona said “You did her really dirty, there.”
 
  “Dont celebrate, yet,” Caitlyn responded, as the referees gathered quickly to discuss.
 
  “Why not?” Diana asked.
 
  “I hit it out of the air,” Caitlyn said, looking at the two wives, “so theyll need to review it.”
 
  
    As the puck was in the air,
  
   the officials said over the stadium PA system, 
  
    the play will need to be reviewed.
  
 
  Caitlyns gaze swivelled back to Akali as the phenom glared in her direction, Caitlyns expression collected, emotionless, as the officials skated to the review box. She knew itd be a good goal — the rule was that her stick couldnt be allowed to be over her shoulders, and shed made contact with the puck at waist height. But the review would mean the jumbotron would have to replay the play so the fans in the stadium were kept aware of what was happening.
 
  Caitlyn never looked away from Akali as the play was replayed, over and over and over again, in a stadium of War Horse fans reacting with low 
  
    ooooh
  
  s as Caitlyn faked out their star player so badly that she collapsed in a heap.
 
  When the officials skated away and declared the goal a good one, Caitlyn hugged her teammates, skated towards the bench with her fist extended, passing Akali on the way.
 
  “ESPN,” she said, and Akali stiffened, rolled a shoulder, and skated back to the bench.
 
  Caitlyn sat down next to Mylo, squirted some water in her mouth, and tapped his knee with her stick.
 
  “Youre the best, Captain,” Mylo said — quietly, reverently — and Caitlyn shrugged.
 
  “I hate circus hockey,” she replied, and this time — for the first time since hed been embarrassed — he grinned.
  
  “Nobody can say we didnt leave it on the ice tonight,” Sevika said, after the game was over — the final score was 6—3 after the War Horses bagged an empty netter, “but we learned a lot about what we can bring to the ice.”
 
  Sevika watched the team nod, frustration evident on their features — hatred of losing born into each of their skins. Leona was slowly tugging her socks off as she listened, a furrow in her brow as she concentrated. Threshs knee was jumping up and down as he reviewed a playbook in a spiral notebook — expertly copied from the teams official one.
 
  “Heres what I saw tonight,” Sevika continued, “what I saw was a War Horses team who historically runs up the score against teams with weaker defences, a War Horses team who has run some of the best rosters in this league out of their own buildings, against a team down two skaters who dont know their identity yet.”
 
  “And if Leonas feet hadnt been so big,” Mylo quipped, “it wouldve been a one score game.”
 
  “If you could 
  
    use
  
   your feet,” Leona snapped back good—naturedly, “it wouldve been a one score game.”
 
  Mylo laughed and Sevika settled them down by raising her hands and lowering them, a grin carved into her own battle hardened features. “Thats exactly it,” Sevika continued, “folks, this was not a shelling. People around the league, they expected us to be on our ass. But we battled through three periods, and we had our share of chances. We let the league know that even when were beat, you still need to watch your ass.”
 
  At this, she stepped back and looked towards Caitlyns side of the room, and the team did, too. Caitlyn shrugged her shoulders awkwardly, unsure of her next moves.
 
  “Were the Sumprats,” Vi spoke up, and rose to her feet — jeans and a T—shirt, Sumprats ball cap turned backwards on her head, bulging pale muscle and tattoos. Caitlyn watched the way the t—shirt fluttered around her waist, thought about their shared hotel room.
 
  “Were the Sumprats, and what we showed em today — what Caitlyn showed em today — was that if you want to fuck around, the finding out is close behind.”
 
  “Here here,” Poppy hollered.
 
  “The leagues got us in the lower bottom of the standings. Projections have us winning just under 50% of our games — did you guys know that? The most generous one I saw had us clocked at 38 wins — missing the playoffs this year. The logic is the usual bullshit — rejects from a bunch of teams smashed together cant get anything done. This is a team game, after all — and were not a team, just a bunch of hockey dunces.”
 
  “That last parts true,” Riven called, and earned some chuckles.
 
  “Its true,” Vi said, “weve got some of the dumbest, ugliest hockey players this side of the Void—” more chuckles and a guffaw from Claggor — “but Ill say this. I dont know about you people, but Im not playing on a fucking 38 win club.”
 
  The locker room whooped.
 
  “This is a 
  
    team
  
  ,” Vi snapped out, pointing at the center of the locker room, “and were going to prove to this dogshit league that nobody — not the War Horses, not the Lone Stars, not the Knights — 
  
    nobody
  
   gets to take us lightly.”
 
  The locker room whooped again, with Claggor smashing his hands together in a gunshot of a clap, Darius and Riven nudging each other.
 
  “Sumprats are a pack animal,” Vi shouted, “and its open fucking season.”
 
  As the team roared its approval, Vi turned to Caitlyn, grinning, gap winking out of the side of her mouth. Caitlyn ran her tongue around her lips, swallowed thickly at the perspiration dampening Vis collar — sweating from a speech — as Vi sat down next to her and folded her arms on her chest.
 
  “Were wanted to do a presser,” Vi said lowly, and Caitlyn suppressed a shiver, “the two of us.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, and began to undress as Sevika dismissed them.
  
  The Sumprats came home from the road trip 3—1 with victories in the other two games they played, and they came home reinforced, energised, raring to go. Having Vi in the locker room gave the team an electric jolt, a dose of personality that Caitlyn couldnt supply herself — not without showing it through play. The way Vi commanded the locker room had made Caitlyns nights very… busy.
 
  Caitlyn couldnt keep her hands to herself after Vi and her got back to their hotel room for curfew, thinking of all the expressions of her teammates gazing at Vi in adoration, passion, a fire in their bellies. It made her want to express her own appreciation of Vis oration by running her mouth over Vis pert nipples, tonguing the space between belly button and thatch of coarse hair, open mouth kisses and bites on Vis hips and waist.
 
  Vi certainly didnt complain, but didnt say much. Neither of them did — they were well past trying to talk when they fucked.
 
  Caitlyn didnt let her think of what would happen in November, when they took the ice together. All she knew was that shed been down that road before — mixed business with pleasure and thought she could keep it casual, friendly, even. It would end badly — the mixture of adrenaline, violence of the game, the pressure of fans and media and stat chasing, the financial implications behind individual success, all of it made for a cocktail that was difficult to choke down when balancing a relationship with what they did on the ice.
 
  As the saying went, there was only one puck.
 
  Diana and Leona had managed it, the exception that proved the rule. Caitlyn had wanted to ask 
  
    how
  
   they had done it — how theyd managed to juggle two delicate plates and manage to catch them neatly in a perfect, blissful life. But Caitlyn was too wary of the occasional glance Leona fired her direction when she flubbed a piece of advice or deferred to Vi on a decision — a glance of quiet frustration, of simmering envy. Leona had been long established as a great locker room presence, and Caitlyn was wearing her C.
 
  Caitlyn understood. Shed be pissed, too.
 
  But when they were back in Zaun for two home games — the Artifacts and the Void Stars heading to town — the nightly visits dried up. When they were road spouses, sharing a hotel room, plane seats and bus seats next to one another, there was plenty of time and reason to turn to each other in the dead of night and assist one another in sleeping. It was almost expected, Caitlyn was surprised to learn — they used to never spend the night, back when they were hooking up four times a year whenever the Ironfists and Lone Stars played. But now, well, there was no sense in one of them moving to the other bed when they were already entwined in the first. It was as natural as breathing when Vi would roll away from her and scoot her butt against Caitlyns thigh, dropping off to sleep quickly and easily — a skill that Caitlyn was horrendously jealous of.
 
  But here, in the drenched, muggy streets of Zaun, they didnt have the same reasons to visit one another. Here, they had their own houses — their own responsibilities. It was a relief, Caitlyn thought firmly. They were getting too close — closer than she was comfortable with. For all their tenuous reasoning that they werent teammates yet, they still 
  
    were
  
   teammates, and every day they carried on was another day closer to the team finding out and shattering their bubble, complicating everything, ruining the carefully built chemistry.
 
  So the enforced distance was good. It allowed Caitlyn to step back, gain some perspective, have days that werent filled with Vi.
 
  That was, of course, until she remembered Mel Medardas stupid ad campaign.
 
  “Piltover is working hard this year,” Mel said, “really hammering home the ticket sales. We need this to work.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned at her as men and women flitted around her, tapping at her face with brushes and shining reflective surfaces around her skin. “Im not opposed to this working,” she reminded Mel.
 
  “I know that.”
 
  “So why are you telling me this as if Im standing in the way?”
 
  “You dont look happy to be here,” Medarda noted.
 
  “Thats because Im a hockey player, not a runway model.”
 
  “Honey, you could be both,” said a green—skinned lizardkin who floated a brush a little close to Caitlyns eyelid for her comfort level, “with height like yours.”
 
  Caitlyn reared back from them as Mel leaned closer.
 
  “Were going to start with just the standard shoots — the two of you in Sumprats gear, glaring at one another. Were going to make it really intense, and then juxtapose that—”
 
  “Listen to you,” Caitlyn murmured, “juxtapose.”
 
  “Juxtapose that with the image of you two hugging at the Red Pandas game. Well drop in some footage of you two playing together when Vis healed up.”
 
  Caitlyn leaned back in her chair as the makeup crew seemed to be finished, zipping things into cases and disappearing out of the room, leaving her and Mel Medarda suddenly alone in a room full of mirrors that had rows and rows of lightbulbs, giving both of them a bright, wide eyed look. Caitlyns eyes looked huge in the reflection, seductive, her lips a glossy pink that popped against her dark hair.
 
  “So, today you want me to stare at Vi for an hour.”
 
  Mel grinned. “Wait until you see her.”
 
  Theyd done Vi up like a punk princess, kind of — theyd put her piercings back in, added a few extra clip ons to really make her look like a bad girl in hockey gear. Theyd done nothing to cover up her facial scars — if anything they looked 
  
    more
  
   severe and dramatic, contrasting her clear ice blue eyes. Caitlyn was relieved to see that Vi 
  
    also
  
   looked uncomfortable, constantly twitching her fingers as if trying to stop from touching her face.
 
  They already were suited up in hockey gear, so they set them up on a mini ice rink with green blankets all around it, had them stand on the ice a dozen feet away from the cameras and wait as the crew moved around and set things up and barked orders to one another.
 
  “You look really good,” Caitlyn said, stupidly, the thickness of the tongue that occurred whenever Vi was around and they werent talking about hockey rearing its ugly head.
 
  “You, too,” Vi said out of the side of her mouth before adding, “I feel like a clown.”
 
  “More like a robot, for me,” Caitlyn responded, “I kind of know how race cars feel at pit stops.”
 
  Vi laughed, and the sound was nice — low and throaty. “Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.”
 
  “Okay,” the director called, “lets do a take. Caitlyn, Vi, what we need you to do is skate at the camera, then do that thing where you stop and spray it with ice.”
 
  “You want us to snow you?” Vi asked.
 
  “Yeah, sure, if thats the ice thing.”
 
  “Its called snowing,” Caitlyn confirmed.
 
  “How big a spray?” Vi asked.
 
  “Um,” the director said, hesitating, and then waved a hand. “As big as you can get it.”
 
  Caitlyn and Vi shot each other a glance — Vi quirking a scarred eyebrow, Caitlyn nodding in confirmation. When the director called 
  
    action
  
  , the two sped as close as they could and slammed on the brakes in twin half—crescents, spraying everyone — the makeup team, the camera operators, the lights, and Mel Medarda — with a geyser of powdered ice.
 
  It cost them fifteen minutes of setup as everything was dried off, but it was worth it to see Mel wiping ice off of her face and looking 
  
    desperately
  
   unimpressed.
  
  The Void Stars goaltender didnt stand a chance — not really. The Void Stars were playing the second game of a back—to—back against Piltover and Zaun, and their starting goaltender had needed the rest after putting up a shutout against the Lone Stars in a thrilling 1—0 game. The Sumprats, meanwhile, were on a scoring streak — Ashe had scored a hat trick in the previous game, with Caitlyn, Leona, and Thresh all netting a goal a piece — and were feeling good.
 
  The game started out tilted when Illaoi intercepted a long and risky pass and pushed the action up the ice, Claggor on her wing as the two lumbering defenseman shared a series of wobbly passes before Claggor chipped the puck high and wide, clacking against the knob of the Void Stars goalies stick and flopping into the net. It was the ugliest goal that any of them had ever seen.
 
  But it was Claggors first goal in five seasons, only the sixth ever in his career, and the Sumprats treated it like it was the overtime winner of a game seven — screaming and pounding against the glass as he did a victory lap across the ice. The home crowd was just as lustfully screaming — chants of 
  
    MVP
  
   raining down around the ice.
 
  Claggor was one of their own, and the rest of the team watched dazedly as the Zaunites showed that they 
  
    knew
  
   it.
 
  Leona put one past the goaltender at seven minutes into the first period, an absolute rocket that nearly split the seams of the net. Caitlyn was the first one on the line to fistbump Leona, for the goal, and the other woman barely spared her a glance. It was incremental progress that Caitlyn was happy with, despite the creeping anxiety about Leonas approval.
 
  The Void Stars were listless and disorganised, and the Sumprats shifted to a prevent defence, unwilling to run up the score but ensuring that they had control of the game. In the late second period, Caitlyn received a pass from Claggor on the tape of her stick, wound up to fire, and when nobody bit on the fake, made good on the shot—  burying the puck in the high right corner.
 
  Three things happened simultaneously.
 
  One, her teammates all raised their sticks like rifles and mocked firing in celebration towards the ceiling.
 
  Two, a few fans in the stadium — mostly those who were season ticket holders and had seen all of their games so far — mimed the celebration.
 
  Three, the arena speakers played a sound effect — the sound of a rifle shot, a sound that differed from the usual goal horns that came forth when a Sumprat scored.
 
  Caitlyn was hugged by her teammates as she looked up to the rafters and grinned, the cheers of Zaun giving her wings.
  
  “Were the Sumprats,” Caitlyn said, trying to sound tough, injecting as much low gravel as she could into the phrase.
 
  Vi waited a beat, started to say her line, and busted into laughter, forcing the exasperated director to call 
  
    cut
  
   and a bell to ring to signal them to reset back to one.
 
  “Vi, you need to lock it up,” the director threatened.
 
  “Im sorry!” Vi said, raising her hands, “Im sorry, but — look, the script isnt doing us any favours, here.”
 
  “Im afraid shes right,” Caitlyn admitted, “this doesnt feel natural.”
 
  “Yeah, youve got Kiramman as this tough guy enforcer or something. It reminds me of when Piltover tried to bill her as the Sheriff.”
 
  Caitlyn cringed. “God, you remember that?”
 
  “Do you still have the hat?” Vi asked, miming a large top hat that made Caitlyn cringe further, shove at Vis shoulder lightly. Vi adjusted her stance to her bad leg easily, with a casualness that made Caitlyn picture Vi suiting up beside them sooner rather than later.
 
  “Its better than those godawful Vironfists commercials you starred in,” Caitlyn shot back, “with the oversized gauntlets? Didnt they have you punching a wall?”
 
  “Yeah, duh,” Vi said, “I looked hot in those.”
 
  “The CGI was terrible. You werent even skating. It had nothing to do with hockey.”
 
  “Ive seen lawyers from the Void with better nicknames than The Sheriff. Youre not even a goon. What are you policing?”
 
  “Vironfist,” Caitlyn responded, “sounds like a sex toy.”
 
  Vis eyebrows shot to her hairline, mirth etched into her features. Caitlyn watched her make the conscious decision to let that one slide by. “Thisll be the best commercial you ever feature in, guaranteed.”
 
  “Oh yeah?” Caitlyn asked, “Whys that?”
 
  “Because Im in it,” Vi said, simply.
 
  Caitlyn laughed, turning away, and Vi watched her, grinning.
  
  The Knights were on the offensive, pushing the action, and Illaoi and Leona skated backwards, barking to one another as the three forwards on the Knights ripped the puck from one stick to the next, quick efficient passes. The Knights were the defending champions, kept their roster mostly intact, and came to 
  
    play
  
  , deciding to make their statement against a Sumprats team that had seemed to catch fire, the indie darling pick of the RHL.
 
  The Knights were 9 and 0, looking to extend the win streak to 10, and — best of all, in Caitlyns opinion — they werent taking the Sumprats lightly, or considering them an easy W.
 
  The Knights jumped out to a 1—0 lead early, scoring on Ekko with a one—timer fired by Garren from the slot off of a defensive breakdown. Graves had a groin injury that was bugging him, and Ekko stepped in for a few games to take the load off, make sure the old dog was still in okay shape heading into November. Ekkos lack of ice time was showing, though, when the Knights bagged a second goal off of a messy slapshot that Ekko shouldve had on his trapper side.
 
  The Sumprats closed the gap with Caitlyn on the bench — a promising trend that had Caitlyn glowing with pride. Which made her even more proud was that Mylos passing game was coming along nicely, a crisp and clear one from behind the net to find Ashe bearing down on the Knights tender and burying it in the top drawer, the water bottle spiralling as Ashe threw her hands up and crashed into Mylo in a big hug. The Knights crowd went a little quieter, tensed up, and the home ice advantage began to recede.
 
  Caitlyn took control from there in the second period, first finding Poppy for a quick wrister from the side of the net, and then setting Illaoi up at the blue line for a rocket of a slapshot that made the Sumprats jump to a 3—2 lead, taking the pressure off of Ekko as the Sumprats forced the Knights back again and again, keeping it in their zone. Claggor dropped the gloves against the Knights enforcer in the third and fought him to a draw, the two being separated after going a full minute throwing haymakers to no avail. Everyone in the arena and on the ice tapped their sticks in appreciation as Claggor and the big Knight woman wished each other a good tilly and sat in the penalty box for five minutes.
 
  The Knights stormed back, forced Ekko to make three tough saves in a row as they capitalised on a mismatch, working Caitlyns side of the ice with big, tough players that could muscle her out of their way. Illaoi tried to get involved, but the strategy was working, and the ice time throughout the month was finally taking its toll as Caitlyn found herself running out of gas as the third period wore on.
 
  Sevika was forced to seat her, and Illaoi and Leona paired up, which was muscle to spare. Still, without Caitlyn playing as much, the Knights felt no pressure to defend. They kept testing the Sumprats perimeter, peppering Ekko with shots until one finally slipped through.
 
  Caitlyn tried to rally the team back into it, but Ekkos confidence was shot, and a fourth goal followed shortly, the game ending with a 4—3 final tally. The Knights jumped to 10 and 0 on the season, and the Sumprats stayed at a respectable 7 and 4, well above predictions.
 
  After the game, Vi and Caitlyn asked Garren what their chances were against Piltover — their next game on the weekend. The RHL was marketing it heavily, billing it as the return of the rivalry long held between Vi and the squad, as well as the first game Caitlyn would be playing in that barn since switching sweaters.
 
  “You guys were assholes to play, are you kidding?” Garren grouched good naturedly, “Its uphill sledding for the Lone Stars for sure.”
 
  “Youre not just saying that?” Vi asked, still in street clothes. Shed changed right in front of Caitlyn during a brief pit stop in their hotel room before hitting the bar to hang with a fellow player theyd both been drafted with. Garrens arc in the league hadnt been quite as dramatic or explosive as Vi and Caits, more of a steady and slow progression of skill until he could call himself one of the top forwards in the game.
 
  “Mm—mm,” Garren said through the bottle raised to his lips, swallowed before continuing, “hell no. Even with the extra firepower they brought back, its hard to stop what youve guys got going on. We thought that youd only be any good with Kiramman on the ice, but youve got all lines banging right now.”
 
  “She does okay, I guess,” Vi said over her shoulder at Caitlyn, but Caitlyn was stuck on Garrens phrasing, her brow furrowing as she leaned closer to Garren over her glass of water.
 
  “What do you mean, firepower?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  “You havent heard?” Garren asked, “I wouldve thought your mom or someone wouldve mentioned it.”
 
  “She doesnt follow Piltover hockey. Whod they get?”
 
  “Landsman,” Garren said, and the backdrop of the bar went black, leaving just Caitlyn alone at the bar with a wooden table beneath her hands, the grain feeling smooth and glossy beneath the pads of her fingers. She felt a locker shoved against her ribs, the impact and pain of it, the humiliation of Vis fingers tracing the bruise later.
 
  She felt the toughened skin of Landsmans back against her palms, the fluttering feeling of meeting an idol, the crushing disappointment of the 
  
    after
  
  , the icing out, the “Rook”, the slow and methodical eroding of her image in the league. The bad teammate rep, so that even if Caitlyn had asked for a trade—
 
  Even if Caitlyn had tried to get out—
 
  The strength shed felt for enduring, enduring, enduring. Wooden smiles at team skates. Coaches demanding more than she had to give. Punishing her body with workouts to ensure she stayed on the ice, to display the only thing she could as rebellion, the flag that said they couldnt break her.
 
  Something pierced her bubble of black — a tattooed arm, pale skin, that gripped her wrist. She jerked herself out of her reverie, looked at Vis big blue eyes, Garrens concerned brow, and did what came natural.
 
  Forced herself to smile.
 
  “Sorry,” Caitlyn said, rolling her eyes, “lots of ice time lately. Landsmans back?”
 
  “Well,” Garren said, shrugging, “I guess since their main draw got picked up, they figured they could sell a few more tickets with old blood. She was still playing overseas anyways — shes still got moves apparently. Her first game back will be against you guys.”
 
  “Landsman cant be more than a goon now, right?” Vi asked, “like, are her wheels still good?”
 
  “Shes apparently slower, but shes still got good hands, a good brain.”
 
  “One of the smartest to ever play,” Caitlyn said — trying to not make her voice sound so wooden, hollow.
 
  Vi frowned at Caitlyn, cocked her head, scrutinised her in a way that Caitlyn didnt have time for — didnt have 
  
    bandwidth
  
   for — and Caitlyn pushed her chair back abruptly, rubbing at her temple. “Sorry, gang — ice times getting to me.”
 
  Vi touched her arm, concern still etched into her. Her fingertips burned on Caitlyns skin. “Do you want me to walk you back?”
 
  “Im good,” Caitlyn said, and flashed Vi a smile, “really, Im good. Im just going to hit the bunk. You guys worked me over pretty good.”
 
  Garren laughed. “Had to slow you somehow. Take care, Caitlyn.”
 
  She waved, headed back to the hotel room, headed back to her little bubble of black. She brushed her teeth without looking at her reflection, changed into her pyjamas, turned off the light. She wrapped herself in blankets tight, to leave no space at all for Vi — not tonight.
 
  In less than a week, shed be seeing Terri Landsman again.
 
  The black seeped back in, and she greeted it like an old pest, a familiar burden, an ache beneath the skin that reminded her that she wasnt invincible.
  
  Caitlyn had never been in the Away locker room before, a fact that struck her as strange. Shed spent over a decade in this Arena, and the Away locker at this point felt more like a home than the Home locker ever did. A single short month with the Sumprats had done more for her settling in than years wearing the star on her chest.
 
  It was over now, though.
 
  Landsman would find a way. Caitlyn wasnt sure how, exactly — Caitlyn had never been sure of the 
  
    how
  
  . Landsman would talk to Sevika, respected legend to respected legend, or Leona, who already disliked her, or Viktor who was impressionable, or Mel, or — Vi. Vi and Landsman probably had a lot in common.
 
  A lot more than either thought.
 
  The realisation made Caitlyn queasy, her eyes squeezing shut against her stick as she sat on the bench and quietly got ready.
 
  Shed been distant — she knew that. She wasnt as active with the team as she had been the rest of the month, didnt offer up as many tips or tricks. She figured it was better to distance herself now than force them to do it — that way everyone got hurt less. Caitlyn figured they thought she didnt notice the confused glances theyd shot one another over her shoulder, or the invitations to suddenly hang out that popped out of them, preceded by pointed looks or quick, quiet elbows.
 
  Only Leonas countenance didnt change. Well, maybe more eye rolling. But it was like shed expected to see Caitlyn like this, distant, cold.
 
  “Sumprats,” Sevika said over Caitlyns head, and Caitlyn stood with the rest of the squad as Sevika took a step into the room, observed all of them for a long moment, eyes moving from player to player.
 
  “I told you,” Sevika growled, “to keep your possessions with you when we moved from place to place. Didnt I tell you?”
 
  The Sumprats shot each other confused looks, and then a smattering of 
  
    yes, coach
  
  s eked forth.
 
  “You left something on the bus,” Sevika said, and stepped aside to reveal a fully suited up, equipment—donned Vi.
 
  The Sumprats burst into applause as Vi grinned, her shoulder pads set and square, the C on her chest perfectly offset against the Sumprats logo, the white, black and red of the Away jersey. She prowled to the centre of the locker room, looked around, and tapped her leg.
 
  “Cleared to 
  
    fuckin
  
   play, boys!” she howled, and the Sumprats rushed forwards, mobbing and pulling at her jersey as she playfully whacked at their hands (watch the duds, watch the duds!) and made her way to sit beside Caitlyn, who hadnt moved.
 
  With Vi and Landsman both on the ice, there was ample opportunity for Landsman to do what she did best, leverage her tenure in the league and respectability against what was to Vi just a piece of ass.
 
  “You didnt say you were coming back,” Caitlyn said, softly, voice trembling lightly.
 
  “You ghosted me,” Vi said back, casual tone barely hiding the anger, the hurt behind it, “for a week. Didnt give me the chance.”
 
  “Im sorry,” Caitlyn murmured, and Vi shrugged, bad—tempered.
 
  “Forget it. Not the most graceful way to tell me its over, but,” she whispered back, “its great to suit up alongside you, teammate.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded woodenly, stared at the floor beneath her skates.
 
  “Teammate,” Caitlyn said, and continued preparing.
  
  It didnt take long before Landsman cornered Vi. In fact, it was at warmups, with both teams skating around during the hype music, firing the odd puck at their starting goaltender. Caitlyn was stretching her hamstring when she saw Landsman — big as ever, pale skin glistening with the boxing warmups she did before each match, easy smile affixed to her face — glide up to Vi, playfully bump her with her hip. Vi looked up in surprise, smiled, and the two exchanged fist bumps as Landsman put a hand on Vis back, pulled her further away from the Sumprats as she began talking lowly in Vis helmeted ear, Vis helmet — number 6 gleaming white against the black — nodding along.
 
  They both turned to look at Caitlyn at the same time — Landsman smugly, Vi seriously, and Caitlyn could see it happening in slow motion.
 
  Landsman would tell Vi her poison, ensure that Caitlyn could never be free of her, never truly happy, and Vi would want nothing to do with her.
 
  The twelve years of — whatever — up in smoke, a vanishing act.
 
  Vi nodded at Landsman, skated back towards the Sumprats bench, and leaned over it to whisper in Claggors ear, and Caitlyn knew what that was, too.
 
  “Dont intervene,” Vi would whisper in Landsmans, “shes toxic. We need to make sure she knows whos team this is.”
 
  Claggor looked over at Caitlyn as Vi whispered to him, and nodded at her.
 
  Caitlyns heart was a stone, and her hair was damp — sweat pouring out of her in tiny, cold pinpricks. She hadnt realised what this had all meant — the Sumprats, this brand new experiment, this second chance — until she was watching it be ripped away.
 
  She was too in her head, too dazed, to hear Sevika call the starting lineups — didnt notice that Claggor had replaced Illaoi on the starting D—line until he was on the ice with her. It didnt matter who was here with her — they all followed Landsmans tune eventually, toy soldiers marching in line.
 
  Landsman kept trying to catch Caitlyns eye, and Caitlyn wouldnt give her the satisfaction, eyes on the puck, trying to focus on breathing. She went inside herself, into the old stone prison, the reinforced walls that had been battle tested and cracked but held firm. She needed them now more than ever — survival strategy.
 
  Landsmans body language shifted, so that she was pointed directly at Caitlyn, a curling smile on her lips — Caitlyn didnt need to see her to know what was coming. Landsman would do this all the time in full contact practices — take a sudden and bursting run at her, to toughen her up, try to make her more physical and hit more on the ice. Caitlyns walls had taken a beating, but shed stayed strong, stuck to her game.
 
  Caitlyn stayed on the ice.
 
  The puck dropped, and Vi stepped out of Landsmans way, giving the big woman a charging line directly for Caitlyn, big becoming bigger as Landsmans strides brought her closer and closer, a freight train bearing down on her. Caitlyn stood tall, looked up to meet Landsmans smiling eyes, and braced for impact.
 
  It came — a sound of violent crashing rocking through her, but she felt no pain.
 
  Claggor beat Landsman to the spot a single stride away from Caitlyn, and drove his shoulder so hard into Landsmans chest that she spun away from him, skidding across the ice and slamming into the ground. Claggor was already shaking his gloves off and unsnapping his helmet as Landsman lurched to her feet, her own gloves sailing into the air as she launched at Claggor, the two titans clashing and throwing a flurry of blows, whipping around each other so fast with a fist in each others jerseys that it was like a mini hurricane of fists and cloth.
 
  Landsman had blood pouring from her mouth when they were finally separated, spitting curses at Claggor viciously as Claggor nodded calmly, waving her on, a sneer affixed in place.
 
  At Caitlyns shoulder, Vi touched her waist, brought her attention to her.
 
  “You good?”
 
  Caitlyn jerked her gaze back to Landsman and Claggor, each being escorted to the penalty box. The game had been played for a single second before the time had been stopped for the fight. Claggors knuckles were bleeding, but Landsman had to be stitched up, a doctor hanging out with her in the box.
 
  The Sumprats were screaming down the ice at the Lone Stars bench, cries of 
  
    attempted cheap shot
  
   and 
  
    keep your dog in check
  
   from the players — the teammates — she called home. The Lone Stars were giving as good as they got, tempers flaring immediately from all sides.
 
  “Im good,” Caitlyn said, swallowed, and 
  
    felt
  
   good. Looking at Vi, with the bench behind her, she felt her walls becoming stronger, the cracks reinforced, guards posted outside of them, patrolling.
 
  “Lets win a fucking hockey game,” Vi said, skating back to her position on the wing as they reset.
 
  Caitlyn smiled as Illaoi skated by her, patted her back, and got into position.




  
  The bar was packed — six televisions all cranked to full volume as a desk full of sportscasters predicted Piltover wins across the board, citing the newness of the Zaun roster, their only true goalscorer being a defender, and their second best just coming back from injury that day. The patrons all snorted at the predictions, murmuring about 
  
    typical big market bullshit
  
   as they drank brews and watched. More people kept milling in off of the street, kids who quickly parked bikes outside, parents cuddling toddlers, older people shuffling in with bright eyes to crane their necks and see the home town take on the hated Lone Stars.
 
  All across Zaun, it was the same story — the Piltover Lone Stars were the shining beacon of everything Zaun wasnt, a clean cut team that just 
  
    won
  
  , well funded, well stocked. Their arena was paid for out of the taxes of their citizens. Their tourism was strong. There were no toxins in their feedwater from the amount of heavy material they worked with — the toxins all floated down the Lane river to Zauns shores.
 
  The reparations bill had done something to ease Zaunite anger, but they still bristled, saw and took any opportunity to knock the city on its high hill down a peg.
 
  “Here we go, here we go!” The bartender called over the din, and a hush fell over the packed bar as the Zaun Sumprats took the ice to face off against the Lone Stars — Poppy, Vi Wickett, Ashe Arrow their forwards, Claggor Stoic and Caitlyn Kiramman their defenders. They all spoke excitedly as the Caitlyn on the screen stared at the puck, lowered herself a little in a familiar routine that the younger Zaunites in attendance were able to mimic perfectly. Of those wearing jerseys present, most wore 33 — KIRAMMAN on the back in bold lettering, an excited look on their faces.
 
  “Absolute stud of a pickup,” a man had said when the sportscasters at their fancy desk rated Raffi — Kirammans former defense partner — above her in skill, “lets see that guy skate thirty three minutes a game for a month.”
 
  “Fuck these guys,” a woman had replied, “Kirammans got a rifle on her stick. Raffi — give me a fuckin break.”
 
  The official skated towards the centre dot, and the crowd moved in with baited breath, crowding around the television until it was blocked from view from outside of the bar, a few teenagers standing on tables to crane their necks and see over the huddled bodies.
 
  Then, a split second later, the crowd erupted in surprised anger, followed by jubilation as the televisions picked up every nuanced sound of Claggor colliding with Landsman. The jubilation was followed immediately by battle roars, with those in attendance screaming 
  
    hell yeah, Claggor, get her ass, get her!
  
 
  There was leaping up and down and hugging across Zaun as Claggor skated to the penalty box with bleeding hands, glaring at Landsman the entire time. She was volleying words at him — the rink mics were cut so her words couldnt be heard, nor the words of the Sumprats and Lone Stars benches as they hurled insults at one another.
 
  The television cut to Vi, who was bent over with her stick on her knees, coasting on her skates towards Caitlyn, touched her waist to whisper something to her. The women shared a brief smile as Vi skated back to her own circle, the game clock reading 19:59 remaining in the 1st period as the officials regained control of the game.
 
  “Holy fuck,” someone in the crowd yelled, “holy fuck.”
 
  “Fuck the Lone Stars!” another roared as they stared at their phone, desperately trying to buy tickets to the next home game.
 
  “God,” an older woman said, “all I needed was to see a Zaun enforcer beat the snot out of Terri Landsman.”
 
  The bartender hushed the crowd as both teams lined up again — Claggor replaced by Illaoi, Landsman replaced by another Lone Star — and the puck dropped for real.
 
  Thirteen seconds later, they were screaming again in celebration, shaking one another — fists raised in triumph, airboxing with excitement. The whole bar was filled with electricity that meant nobody could stand still, strangers hugging in brief and awkward exchanges of bursted emotion.
 
  On the streets of Zaun, horns honked and fists were thrust out of car windows.
 
  Apartment windows opened, Zaunites stuck their heads out of windows to update passerby on the score as they raced home to watch.
 
  Diners filled with patrons crowded around tiny portable radios, listening to Marv and Danielle on the call.
 
  The city of Zaun went on hold for sixty minutes of hockey, as their Sumprats — their David — took on Goliath.
  
  “Hey, Wickett,” Landsman said with a grin, playfully hip—checking Vi in greeting as Vi smiled — tight, focused — and nodded back.
 
  “Terri,” Vi said by way of greeting. She could feel Caitlyns gaze boring into her back as Landsman put a hand on it — a way, 
  
    way
  
   too friendly gesture, considering the context the two had faced before, time and again. Vi had never made a secret of what shed felt about the Lone Stars, a privileged team that kept getting the favour of the league to the detriment of what the soapbox artists of the media called parity — the level of equal competition in the league.
 
  Landsman guided Vi further away from her team, and Vi looked at her curiously, guard up, alarm bells ringing. Caitlyn had gone… somewhere, when shed learned that Landsman had been playing tonight. Somewhere far away, and had stayed away.
 
  It had hurt — the string of text messages (only one a day sent, Vi wasnt 
  
    pathetic
  
  ) going unanswered and solely from Vis side of the text window. It had hurt a lot more than she had anticipated, but Caitlyn had always given her fair warning that their thing was a temporary thing. Shed wished Caitlyn had had the stones to end it with words instead of the lack of, but Vi was a big girl, would get over it.
 
  Seeing Terri keep their backs to her team, though, and the over—friendly nature of her… it set Vis teeth on edge.
 
  “Known you a while, now,” Landsman said, “and I gotta say — it sucks that you were put out to pasture the way you were. Hope you can find a good landing spot soon.”
 
  Vi saw in her minds eye the way Caitlyn sent Akali to the ground with her stick handling, flipping the puck in the air and whacking it home to trigger the replay, the entire time staring directly into Akalis soul, nostrils flaring as the Sumprats tried to celebrate around her.
 
  “Me too,” Vi responded, focusing on Landsman, picking her words carefully.
 
  “Listen,” Landsman began, “I know that you cant help your teammates, but we were hoping — the gang and I, that is — if youd let me take a piece off of Kiramman tonight.”
 
  Vi turned to glance back at Caitlyn — white as a sheet, frozen, one hamstring mid—stretch, and something hot and heavy burned in her chest.
 
  “Why would I do that?” Vi asked.
 
  “Id owe you one,” Landsman said through her smile — a charming, wide smile, her bright green eyes twinkling in the bright lights of the arena, “and shes got it coming, anyway. Mommy bought her way onto the team and she threw the chemistry off for twelve years — wed 
  
    all
  
   like to settle the score, but I negotiated to just me.”
 
  Vi nodded at her, studied her — the easy charm, the relaxed posture. “Just so we understand each other — just so I dont have this fucked up,” Vi said carefully, “you want me to let you body Caitlyn. As payback.”
 
  “Id owe you one. I got friends — we can see about where you land next season, you know?”
 
  “When?”
 
  “Shit,” Landsman said, “if youre down, Id like to get it over with right away.”
 
  Vi nodded, then shrugged. “Terri,” Vi said, “
  
    I
  
   sure as shit wont stand in your way.”
 
  The two separated, and Vi was careful not to look at Caitlyn as she skated directly to Claggor, who was hanging out half over the boards just in case a Lone Star fucked with Caitlyns starting routine. Caitlyns eyes were on Vi — she could feel them like she could feel her fingers in her gloves, the ice smooth and even beneath her blades.
 
  “Clagg,” Vi said, leaning up to grab his pad and pull him closer, “Landsman wants a free shot at Kiramman.”
 
  Claggors gaze jerked to Caitlyn, back to Vi. “What the fuck for?”
 
  “Some shit that happened when they were teammates.” Vi said.
 
  Claggor frowned, looked back at Caitlyn, back to Vi. “
  
    Caitlyn
  
   fucked with 
  
    Landsman
  
  ?”
 
  Vi leaned closer, pressed herself right up against him — his arm coming around her shoulder so they had a bubble of privacy.
 
  “
  
    Nobody
  
   touches her,” Vi hissed, and Claggor regarded her seriously, nodding solemnly.
 
  “When?”
 
  “She made it sound like it was going to be immediate.” winked, pulled away, and tapped Illaoi down the bench.
 
  “Hey, switch with me for the first drop. I got some business, apparently.”
 
  Vi hesitated as Claggor swung the rest of his body over the ice. “Clagg, if this gets you in trouble—”
 
  Claggor hushed her, started to skate away. “All I do is get in trouble, Vi,” Claggor said, warming up a little more, keeping his hands and wrists limber.
 
  “Besides. This is confirming a theory of mine on Landsman — a theory Ive had for a long, long time.”
  
  “Fuck you, Claggor,” spat Landsman as the officials pulled them apart, Claggor watching her stonily as the Piltover crowd booed lustily. Claggor adjusted his shoulder pads under his sweater as Poppy scooped up his bucket with her stick, skated it over to him.
 
  “What was that about?” Poppy asked.
 
  “Taught Landsman how to enforce,” Claggor said, and skimmed his eyes over the Piltover bench — the furious faces aimed at the equally furious Sumprats, “this could get ugly. Keep your head on a swivel, Pops.”
 
  “Im not afraid of these chumps,” Poppy said, skating back to the faceoff circle. Caitlyn and Vi were settled, Vi looking deadly calm, serious — Caitlyn wearing her perfectly sculpted mask of neutrality. Poppy regarded the two of them, skating to the faceoff circle, lined up against the bigger Lone Star.
 
  “When this puck drops,” Poppy said, “Im going to get you right in the chiclets with my stick.”
 
  “Come get it,” snapped the Lone Star centre, and Poppy grinned wide, bent low.
 
  The puck dropped, and she leaned her whole body into the Lone Star as she slid between him and the puck, shovelling it to Caitlyn as the two of them got tied up and fell to the ice in a heap, taking both of them out of the play.
 
  Caitlyn zipped a pass to Vi with a blinding speed, and Vis wheels kicked in as she muscled past a defender, eyes scanning the ice as she broke the blue line into the Lone Stars goal. It was a strange feeling, but it was like she 
  
    felt
  
   Caitlyn on the opposite side and behind her, a safe pass as a defender began to funnel her towards the boards, looking for the big hit. The Lone Stars were playing angry, playing to avenge one of the staple players of their roster for years getting dumpstered in the first second of the game.
 
  Vi let the hit come, and zipped the puck behind her in a no—look pass as she muscled through the body check, both her and the defender thumping against the boards, leaving Caitlyn alone with the puck, one on one with the goaltender.
 
  With a clack of iron, the puck bounced past the goalies glove, and Caitlyn skated around the net to nod grimly at Vi.
 
  There was no celebration. There was no joy. The two skated shoulder to shoulder back to the faceoff as the Sumprats bench raised tense sticks and fired their rifles into the air to the sound of a disappointed and dismayed Piltover crowd.
 
  It had taken thirteen seconds, and the Sumprats were up 1—0.
 
  Vi and Caitlyn didnt exchange a word when the next puck dropped and the Lone Stars won it back, Vi taking up an aggressive style of play. She was hunting for turnovers, head constantly picking up passing lanes, angles of approach. She broke up passes with a quick snap of her stick, poked the puck away in the corners, laid her body into forwards that got too close to the net. Everywhere she looked, she saw Landsmans slick words, confident demeanour, sheer 
  
    audacity
  
   to ask 
  
    permission
  
   to take a run at a teammate and get away scott free.
 
  When Landsman was back on the ice, her and Vi got tied up in the corner, rattling one another across the boards as they fought for the puck.
 
  “We had a 
  
    deal
  
  ,” Landsman hissed out, and Vi snorted, managing to get her stick on the puck and, again, it was like she 
  
    felt
  
   Caitlyns presence as she flung the puck through her legs to Caitlyns waiting stick as Caitlyn turned it up ice. The Piltover crowd began to boo loudly every time she touched the puck, and for a moment Vi was worried that itd get to her.
 
  The moment of worry ended when Caitlyn crossed the blue line, wound up, and slapped a top shelf goal home in the top corner, bared her teeth, and raised a hand to her ear as if listening for something, the boos fading into discontented grumbling.
 
  2—0 Sumprats, and this time, Vi collided with Caitlyn at centre ice, thumped her chest.
 
  “Youre the baddest motherfucker in this building,” Vi muttered as the rest of the on—ice Sumprats caught them in a group hug, “and they forgot that. Were gonna remind em.”
 
  “Hell fuckin yeah, Captain,” Diana said, “were getting you ten tonight. Weve got you.”
 
  The next puck drop, Diana poked the puck free of a Lone Star defender and chipped it up the ice to Rivens quickly moving stick, Riven moving around the back of the Lone Stars net, buying time for Caitlyn and Vi to get up ice. As soon as they were set, Riven faked one way, snuck the other way, and chipped a pass to Vi who charged towards the goaltender, firing an ugly shot off of his pads that Caitlyn snagged on the rebound and tucked between the goalies legs.
 
  3—0 Sumprats, and the first period hadnt crossed the ten minute mark as Diana and Riven grabbed Caitlyn and Vi in a cheer, Illaoi tapping Caitlyns helmet as a few hats from Zaun fans that had made the journey to Piltover rained onto the ice.
 
  A hat—trick. Three goals in a single game.
 
  Caitlyn skated towards the bench with the rest of the Sumprats, but Vi made a detour towards the Lone Stars bench, scanned them with her eyes as they slumped forwards, the sudden outpouring of goals having robbed them of any momentum.
 
  “You had one skater,” Vi called, “worth a shit. One.”
 
  “Fuck you, Wickett,” Raffi snapped.
 
  Vi pointed to the scoreboard as she stopped in front of him. 
 
  “Raffi,” she said, “we 
  
    are
  
   fucking you.”
 
  Sevika kept Caitlyn and Vi off the ice for the rest of the first period, wary of Piltover getting in cheap shots against her star players, but the Sumprats werent done there. When Graves covered up the puck to force a faceoff and Landsman snowed him — spraying him with chipped ice on purpose — Leona slammed her into the boards so hard that a hairline crack ran up the plexiglass. She stood over Landsman as the other woman struggled to her feet, offering no support, looming and seething silently.
 
  Raffi elbowed Ashe in the face late in the first, and Thresh responded with a vicious cross check that snapped his stick in two over Raffis shoulder, resulting in a shoving match that almost erupted into a line brawl as Danforth — the Lone Stars coach — began screaming at Sevika through the thick dividers that separated the benches.
 
  “Your girl took a run at my fucking captain, Doug,” Sevika snarled back. “You knew what this would be.”
 
  “Youre running up the score,” Danforth volleyed back.
 
  “Dont like it, Dougie, then stop us,” Sevika barked.
 
  The Lone Stars tried — a small rally that began to cause momentum until Mylo hit the ice, following around Raffi with his lips constantly moving, hassling and haranguing until Raffi swung his stick like an axe near Mylos head, resulting in Mylo skating away cackling as the officials ejected Raffi from the game.
 
  “Aw, Raffle,” Mylo cooed as the defenseman slammed his stick against the boards and headed down his team tunnel, “and I was just warming up to ya.”
 
  “Shut the fuck up, Sturnsie,” Raffi barked back.
 
  “You know what theyll call you in the history books, Raffiki?” Mylo hollered, “Guy Who Played With Kiramman.”
 
  The Sumprats were awarded a powerplay, and Leona passed up an open look on net to Caitlyn for another rocket — four goals on four shots. Leona was the first into the celebration pile, raising her stick to do the rifle celebration before gripping Caitlyns sweater in a hug.
 
  “So,” Leona said, “you can sort of just score whenever you want, huh?”
 
  “Its so annoying,” Vi confirmed, squeezing Caitlyns waist. Caitlyn rubbed at an eye with her glove, hiding her smile.
 
  The Piltover crowd was all but dead silent as the first period ended, the Sumprats trekking back into their locker room up four goals to none.
  
  “Kirramans got 
  
    four!
  
  ” an elderly woman called down to the street at two passerby.
  
  “How many shots?” asked a man in a barber chair, squinting to see the television in a large glass mirror.
  
  “Only taken four,” called a service tech to a mechanic that was buried in grease beneath a muscly truck, working at half speed so he could hear.
  
  “She hasnt missed?” asked a bank teller to her customer, listening to the game through one earbud.
  
  “Shes 100% so far,” said one of four grocery store employees, crowded around a cell phone that was streaming the game, the store devoid of customers.
  
  “What a sniper,” the passerby said.
  
  “What a sniper,” the man in the barber chair whistled.
  
  “What a sniper,” the mechanic muttered beneath the truck.
  
  “What a sniper,” the bank teller sighed.
  
  “An absolute sniper,” said one employee to the other three, and they nodded in agreement.
  
  Sevika said nothing for the first five minutes of the first intermission, let the locker room stew in their emotions. Vi recognized the trick, appreciated it —  especially seeing as there wasnt a relaxation vibe in the Sumprats room. There was violence behind all of their movements, a barely restrained fury.
 
  Theyd seen the Piltover Lone Stars take a run at Caitlyn — blatant as could be. Claggor had put a stop to it, but they all knew how that couldve ended, how bad it couldve been.
 
  Blowing someone up like that could result in injuries — things that could sit you for the game, or worse, the season. It wasnt something you 
  
    did
  
   at the professional level, a clearly stated rule that you didnt cross.
 
  Vi looked across to Leona, who was taping up her stick in furious, jerky motions. Vi caught her eye, and Leonas gaze was steel, hardened to a point. Vi gestured to Caitlyn with her head, raised her eyebrows, and Leona hesitated, nodded, and finished taping up her stick as she set it back in its cradle and spoke.
 
  “So, Captain,” Leona said, “did you do something to fuck with those guys?”
 
  Caitlyn opened her mouth, but Poppy got there first. “Does it matter? She was going to get run, Leona.”
 
  “It matters,” Leona said, still watching Caitlyn.
 
  Caitlyn lifted her shoulders. “Ive never seen eye to eye with Landsman.”
 
  Leona nodded, running a hand over her face, and leaned forwards, staring at the floor.
 
  “Caitlyn, I thought you were a shit choice for captain when I got here. You didnt seem capable of standing up for yourself, were too withdrawn, and I heard stories about how bad you were to get along with — from Lone Stars, from executives.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, locking eyes with Leona as the other woman spoke.
 
  “But,” Leona said, hesitated, and started again, “but if 
  
    that
  
   piece of shit team out there was the team you dragged to all those playoff games, you might be the best player in the league.”
 
  “Theyre total dogshit,” Mylo grunted, “this team was a top three when Kiramman was in their sweater, and now they cant even score on Graves.”
 
  Graves cackled. “Theyre really 
  
    trying
  
   to.”
 
  The Sumprats laughed, and began talking over one another until Vi rose from her seat, moved in front of the door, drawing the attention of her teammates.
 
  “They cant handle Caitlyn,” Vi said, softly, and the room hushed. “They have no 
  
    idea
  
   how to stop her.”
 
  The room nodded, murmured, and Caitlyn flushed lightly, keeping her gaze locked on Vi, projecting a calm she didnt feel.
 
  “Im mad,” Vi admitted, “Im 
  
    really
  
   mad. Im pissed because Landsman tried to convince me to let her take a run at Caitlyn off of the faceoff — Im pissed that she had the balls to make the request when Claggors on the other bench.”
 
  That had a few chuckles erupting out of the room.
 
  “Im furious — fucking 
  
    furious
  
   — that their strategy for us was apparently injure Caitlyn, and then something else happens. Because they play like theyve never seen 
  
    us
  
   play — they play like they dont know were going to run a trap defence, or rotate Caitlyn to the slot when we have the odd man rush, or that Graves likes to come out a bit wider to slow their skaters to let Leona and Illaoi catch up to them. They had no game plan at all — they werent looking at us, they were looking 
  
    through
  
   us.”
 
  The faces around the locker room nodded, and Vi watched Caitlyns eyes, the way they focused on her, catalogued her movements.
 
  “And Im mostly pissed because—” Vi said, and watched Caitlyn, and thought back to all the times shed said 
  
    you had the better team
  
   and Caitlyn had closed her eyes or snapped back or seemed to shut off a piece of her, like a chunk was torn from her flesh.
 
  Her face, ghost white, when she learned Landsman was playing.
 
  “Im mostly pissed because Im so sick of pretending like were not 
  
    hot shit
  
  .”
 
  The Sumprats whooped, and Caitlyn rose to her skates to join Vi, touched her shoulder, and addressed the room.
 
  “I want to thank you — thank you all,” Caitlyn said, keeping her gaze on each member of the Sumprats, “for enabling me, protecting me. You wont be surprised at this point to learn that I — well, that I didnt have a great, warm relationship with my old captain.”
 
  Here, she got a few laughs.
 
  “But Im committed to being a good one for you. Im going to make mistakes — Vis helping me, there. And I agree, Leona, I wasnt my first choice to be a captain either. But I — I want to be one. For this team. Because I think we have something special.”
 
  “We got you, captain,” Poppy called.
 
  “So — with Coachs permission, of course — I think its time to prove to Piltover that Im not the only Sumprat worth worrying about.”
 
  The team all looked at Sevika, silent to this point, watching them all speak. She grinned around her ever—present gum, the smell of nicorette gently wafting off of her mouth as her jaw jumped up and down.
 
  “Fuck the Lone Stars,” Sevika said, “run the score up.”
  
  Ashe zipped a pass to Mylo across the goaltenders crease to watch him bury it stickside, midway through the second period. The Piltover crowd was half full, now — most of the fans making for the exits to beat traffic, their teams fate secured.
 
  Thresh tucked the puck through the goaltenders legs on a breakaway play that he started himself, having bowled over the Lone Stars centre in neutral ice. Thresh mimed throwing a lasso over his head as he skated back to his bench, his celebration from his first year in the league.
 
  Caitlyn set Vi up for a one—timer that was almost blind — one moment Caitlyn was alone, the next she was zipping the puck across the ice as Vi came flying in and hammered it home. They shared a stick tap that made Vi think of their text message conversation full of one—sided bubbles, a resentful thought that she needed to bury deep.
 
  By the time Mylo scored off of a messy pass from the Lone Stars in the third period, his third goal of the season that had him sliding across the ice like a penguin, the Lone Stars were playing their lowest players on the bench, eating the minutes to get out of the building. The comeback was squashed, the statement made, punctuated, underlined.
 
  When the Lone Stars left the arena, they left to an arena that was maybe an eighth full of fans who were on their phones or talking amongst each other, Hockey the furthest thing from their mind.
 
  The Sumprats sat at their bench for a moment, listening to the silence.
 
  It was a beautiful sound.
  
  Vi and Caitlyn sat at the long table for the post game interview, both dressed in their street clothes — Vi with her backwards Sumprats ballcap, Caitlyn with her Sumprats hat tugged firmly forwards, tossing her face into stark shadows. It gave her an eerie appearance, blue eyes shining out of the darkness created by the awful camera lights that they set up in every arena for the post games.
 
  “Caitlyn, in your estimation what was the game plan tonight?”
 
  Caitlyn blinked, looked at Vi. Vi shrugged, gestured.
 
  “Win the game, mostly.” Caitlyn responded.
 
  “How do you respond to criticisms of unsportsmanlike conduct, when you run up the score late?”
 
  “How sportsmanlike is it,” Vi answered, “to charge an opposing player in the opening seconds of a hockey game?”
 
  “Were you trying to embarrass the Lone Stars?”
 
  “We were trying to win,” Caitlyn responded, “if the Lone Stars are embarrassed, thats their business.”
 
  “Did you ever consider easing off of the gas pedal when you were up four goals in the first period?”
 
  “Look,” Vi said, “this is the RHL, right? Like, we all know what were here to do. If you dont like it when we score, stop us from scoring. It really is that simple.”
 
  “Do you think that this game is going to reignite the rivalry between Zaun and Piltover?”
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn incredulously, and Caitlyn snorted, rubbed at her eyebrow, and looked at the question asker. “Have you spent much time in Zaun?”
 
  “No, but—”
 
  “Theres nothing to reignite,” Caitlyn interrupted, “I think, when someone poisons a water supply for a generation, youre entitled to hold a grudge. Reignite implies it ever went away.”
 
  “I havent checked my socials,” Vi put in, “but I dont need to to know that we made Zaun very, 
  
    very
  
   proud tonight.”
 
  “And thats why we do it, you know?” Caitlyn continued, “The fans, the competition.”
 
  “Did you have any words for your former team, Caitlyn?”
 
  Caitlyn leaned back in her chair, taking 
  
    her
  
   turn to look at Vi with incredulity. Vi leaned close to the microphone, put her folded arms on the table, her mouth right in front of the microphone.
 
  “What do 
  
    you
  
   think, man?” Vi asked.
 
  “Vi, you used to play games against Caitlyn in this building at the highest level,” said a portly, heavily tattooed man with coke bottle glasses that sat near the back of the room, parked far away from the hockey stars, “how was it to go in there with her at your back?”
 
  “Hi, Teddy,” Vi called, waving, and then, “to answer your question — we won seven goose, so Id say its a hell of a lot more comfortable.”
 
  The room laughed, and Teddy spoke again — “Caitlyn, same question but for Vi.”
 
  Caitlyn flashed her gap—toothed grin. “Never scored so much with Vi on the ice.”
 
  The room laughed again, and the media manager thanked them, thanked the reporters, as Vi and Caitlyn rose to leave.
 
  “Ill see you at the hotel,” Caitlyn said, “its been a day for me — Im going to go pass out.”
 
  “Hey,” Vi said, touching Caitlyns elbow to make her pause. Caitlyn flashed her a curious look, layered with anxiety. Again, Vi saw the text bubbles on one side of a conversation, one per day, an unbroken string. 
 
  “Look,” Vi began, “I dont — I dont need details, but it seemed like things werent… good, with the Lone Stars, obviously. And seeing as we just pumped them seven goose, I think I owe you an apology.”
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn started, and Vi waved her hand.
 
  “No, no. Let me say it.” Vi inhaled, looked Caitlyn in the face, and said:
 
  “I think you had the worse team.”
 
  Caitlyn watched her for a moment, broke into a slow, beautiful smile.
 
  “I think youre right.”
 
  “But I think that we should stop — you know. Its November soon, were teammates. You have your rule.”
 
  Caitlyn opened her mouth, hesitant, and then said, “If thats what you want.”
 
  “Its not — believe me. I want nothing more than — yeah. But I think that we have some holes in our resumes with each other, and maybe we could just — see how it plays out.”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled, long, slow, the exhaustion of the week fully displayed to Vi, and Vi thought about the times she stayed up, staring at those fucking one sided bubbles, writing and erasing messages while she was out with the team, or parked outside of Jinxs, or exercising her knee carefully. She thought about Caitlyn, with that look on her face, pale and cold and withdrawn and desperate to get away from her.
 
  She thought about how much shed pressured Caitlyn with her fuckboy bullshit, her cocky 
  
    October, huh
  
  s and 
  
    Were not teammates until November
  
  , and she felt gross, sticky. She felt like she had when shed fucked the fourth fan in five days and her condo had smelled like a cocktail of different trendy perfumes and shed held on to panties and unironically called them 
  
    trophies
  
  .
 
  Vi felt like a user.
 
  Caitlyn nodded, tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, took another deep breath — Vi was noticing her 
  
    breathing
  
  , fuck — and said, “Id like that.”
 
  “Cool,” Vi said, lamely, and then stuck out her hand. “Co—captains, teammates.”
 
  Caitlyn watched the hand for a moment, slowly wrapped her longer, slender fingers around it, and pumped it up and down once. “Co—captains, teammates,” Caitlyn said, “friends.”
 
  Vi grinned. “Hell of a month, huh?”
 
  Caitlyn laughed. “You could say that. We just bumped off one of the RHLs dynasties and scored seven doing it.”
 
  “You know,” Vi said as they headed out together, “I was only really half bought in to Mel and Sevikas bullshit before — all the 
  
    we could go all the way
  
   shit.”
 
  “Now?”
 
  “Well, I dont know. Now, it kind of feels like that we have something solid.”
 
  Vi held the door open for Caitlyn as they walked into the cool Piltover night, scattered media snapping pictures at the two of them walking together — images that soon would be plastered over Zaun newspapers, all bold, all caps headlines detailing their glorious victory, hailing the two of them as the next champions of Zaun.
 
  UNLIKELY HEROES, one would read.
 
  THE DYNAMIC DUO, another one would cry.
 
  The one that would become the most famous had a much snappier header. It would eventually be made into the title of a limited DVD box set, the highest selling in Zaun media history. The four discs chronicled the Sumprats inaugural season, the two unlikely co—captains at their helm, the mistakes and follies and triumphs of a season of RHL hockey.
 
  “Yeah,” Caitlyn said, “I know what you mean."
 
  The DVD set was titled:






  Run at the Cup.







  
    End of Disc One.
  




  The Sumprats wait by the tunnel, rocking back and forth on their skates as they stare ahead, mostly dead—eyed. Two in particular — WICKETT and KIRAMMAN on the back of their red and black home jerseys, 6 and 33 pressed onto the cloth in thick, chunky numbers — stood shoulder to shoulder, faces hidden as they watch out onto the ice. WICKETT looks back to flash her ice blue eyes at the rest of the team, a grin scrawled on her face. “Remember,” she barks over the loud thumping and screaming of a full arena, the lights low, shaped spotlights of Grapes the Sumprat, the team mascot, spinning and flying across the ice, “set the fucking tone. Nothing comes easy in our barn!” “Aim low left side,” another player — TIETH scrawled on the back of her jersey — cries, “give em the fucking lumber.” “LLLLLLLADIES ANNNND GENTLEMEN,” roars the announcer as the Sumprats shake out their limbs, rolling necks on shoulders, trying to rid nerves and amp adrenaline. “GET ON YOUR FEET,” continues the growling roar, “AND MAKE SOME NOISE FOR YOUR!” KIRAMMAN and WICKETT begin to walk forwards on their skates, and the rest of the Sumprats follow. “ZAUN!” Viktor and Sevika fling open the door to the ice as the Sumprats cross the tunnel line, coming into view of the packed crowd as cell phone cameras snap and the screaming, jubilant fans slap armrests and seat backs and stomp their feet. “SUUUUUUUUUUUUMPRAAAAAAATS!” WICKETT and KIRAMMAN hit the ice and raise their sticks in the air as the Sumprats peel across the ice and the Last Drop Arena goes absolutely ballistic. In the middle center of the screen, the words flash in plain white text: 
   April 16th 

   First Playoff Game in Zaun 
 “At first, I think, we all didnt think much,” comes a voice — male, high, a little thin, “I remember writing a piece absolutely blasting Mel Medardas roster. One of those pieces that was meant to play on emotions versus be actual, you know, analytical content.” A man sits in a comfortable chair, heavyset and tattooed, gauges in his ears and thick rimmed glasses on his nose. The lower third reads  Theodore “Spaghetti Teddy” Basker — Columnist.  “I said some real heinous shit, too. I think I called Poppy a mistake and made a lot of Graves—is—old jokes — real low hanging fruit. I thought what everyone thought — that Zaun getting a hockey team was a crazy idea.” “We did a podcast,” says a blonde woman with a sassy short haircut, dark blue eyes, and a nose stud, looking at a thin, reedy man with a ratlike face to her right. Theyre sitting in a different room — blue walls, each perched on stools that accentuated the length of the womans legs and the long torso of the man. Their titles came up, too —  Taylor Swiffer  and  John “Jack” Jackson — The Tayl and Jack Podcast . “When it was announced that Kiramman and Wickett were unprotected in the draft, yeah,” Jack confirms, “you called me up—” “We  had  to record something about it. We just couldnt believe it.” “They both had their issues,” Jack continues, “so it wasnt impossible to see why their teams would give them up, but.” Caitlyn sits on the bench, looking out through her visor at the action, turning to her right as Vi pops into frame, the two exchanging a quick few words that had Vi nodding and squirting water into her mouth. Caitlyn tacks on a sentence at the end that had Vi choking, smirking as water ran down her chin, quickly wiping it away with her sleeve. “It was just so crazy,” Taylors voice continues over the image, “that theyd just be given away. It was even crazier that Mel Medarda was going to pair them up — before that point—” “We thought they hated each other,” Jack says, back in the interview room as Taylor nodded. “Every single time they hit the ice together,” Teddy says in his armchair, the walls behind him blood red, “it was pure, anger driven, competitive hockey. They never did anything dirty — I remember before I wrote my piece I went back and looked at the tapes. They werent in it to hurt each other — they just clearly hated losing.” Footage of Vi slamming Caitlyn to the ice at full speed plays behind Teddys voice, cut with Caitlyn snapping home a goal that Vi tries to block, cut with the two clashing sticks and staring each other down as the whistle was blown, Vi barking something that makes Caitlyns glare turn sharper, deadlier. “I gotta tell you — we thought this Mel Medarda lady was crazy,” chuckles  Marv Alliston, RHL announcer  at a windowed balcony, “how on earth was she going to take a coach that had a half years experience and two players that hated each other and make a winning club out of that?” “Everybody says nobody believes in us,” Vi says  next to Caitlyn, their knees close to touching as they stare at a spot above the camera lens, “its a sports cliche at this point. But this time—” “Nobody believed in us,” Caitlyn cuts in, “well and truly. Not one person.” A smash cut of footage: The Sumprats taking the ice against Demacia, Leona slamming her shoulder into Garren and flipping him over into his own bench as she skates backwards to keep the play in front of her. The Shadow Isles Assassins goaltender — a big, beefy man named Braum — gets lit up by a slapshot at the point from Illaoi. A crowd of Zaunites raising their hands to fire an imaginary rifle in the air. Claggor and Landsman, Landsmans mouth bleeding, as Claggor waves her forwards. Poppy slamming her stick against the penalty box door in frustration. Thresh and Diana both dropping the gloves at the same time to dive at two Shurima Artifacts players. The screen cuts back to Vi and Caitlyn, eyes level, faces serious. “We couldnt have cared less,” Vi says, and they looked at one another, smiled. Text came up as the screen faded to black, read:



  Run at the Cup.
 November Part One: Viewfinder  “Make sure your worst enemy doesnt live between your own two ears.”  

Laird Hamilton


“A documentary?” Vi asked, her tone echoing how Caitlyn felt. They were hip deep in November, the Sumprats battling for the fourth spot in the West at a record of 11—5. The Lone Stars were right below them at 9—6, reeling from their destruction at the hands of the Sumprats of Zaun. Rumors of trades and restructuring was constantly following Piltover around in the media cycle, fines handed down to Landsman and Claggor for unsportsmanlike conduct in the opening moments. Caitlyn had wired the entirety of the fine to Claggor the moment shed heard about it, stood at his car after practice, and wouldnt leave his driver side door until he accepted. “Its not charity,” Caitlyn had said, “nor is it anything to do with our contract differences. You did your job and were fined for doing so, so Im just paying you back.” Claggor had chuckled, staring down at the pavement beneath his sneakers before glancing up at Caitlyn. “Captain, you know the difference between our salaries,” Claggor said, “so Id be a moron refuse.” “Good,” Caitlyn had replied, “then you wont refuse dinner with Vi and I — our treat for you and Poppy. We want to start having more meetings as captains — maybe once a week before games. We can take turns footing the bill.” Claggor had laughed, scrubbed at his nose. “Sure, thing, Caitllyn. Sounds fun.” Snapping back to the meeting with Medarda, Caitlyns gaze was drawn towards Sevika, a hulking, quiet phantom seated on a squat bookshelf in the back corner of Mels office. Mel hadnt addressed her the whole time, and Sevika hadnt spoken. “What do you think, Coach?” Caitlyn asked, and Vi clued in at the same time. “Hey, yeah — youre a prickly and private person at the best of times. Why arent you throwing a conniption?” Sevika lifted one massive shoulder, and Mel cut her glance Sevikas way before ruefully smirking at her two star players. “Because she already threw one.” “I had a few… creative disagreements,” Sevika said, carefully. “You called me a hack job publicity chaser and threatened to quit,” Mel reminded her. “Id say thats fairly creative,” Sevika pointed out. “Well, wait. When would they be filming us?” Vi asked, “Theyre not going to be in our homes or anything, are they?” “They have free reign of the arena and the hotel, so they can shoot our opponents when they come to Zaun,” Mel said, “and theyve inquired about team functions — if there are player gatherings or team related opportunities theyll need a heads up so they can prepare to shoot at them.” “Why would—” Caitlyn started. “Shoot as in film,” Vi muttered. “Oh,” Caitlyn said, a little quiet, going slightly red.  “Well, that doesnt sound too bad,” Vi continued, louder, “we can just keep them away from the sensitive stuff — they wont be in on strategy shit, will they?” Sevika glared at Mel as the general manager kept her tone carefully neutral. “Theyre signing a confidentiality agreement.” Caitlyn looked at Vi, and back to Mel. “Dont these doc crews leak like a sieve?” “Traditionally,” Mel said, and lifted her hands in a shrug. “Its usually a way to hype the documentary coming out — leak info that youve filmed and then reveal that the rest is available in the full run. Were counter—acting this by insisting that the entire crew be Zaunites.” Vi froze up, then, staring at Mels desk with a firm, flat expression. Caitlyn clocked it out of the corner of her eye, tried not to call attention to it as she shifted forwards to keep Mel focused away from whatever  that  was. “That makes sense,” Caitlyn nodded, “then at least what they leak wont be strategic, if theyre fans of the Sumprats.” “And they will be,” Mel said, and grinned wickedly, “Were sold out for the season as of yesterday at 9pm. Were opening three other locations as viewing parties — renting out theatres, trying to make the Sumprats the talk of the town.” “Beating Piltover to a pulp made a statement,” Sevika said, softly, “the leagues taken notice. We arent anyones 38 win team anymore.” “We never were,” Caitlyn said, and Sevika nodded. Subtly, Caitlyn slid a hand on her armchair to brush her fingers against Vis fingers, seeming to snap her out of wherever she went, stare still lingering on the table. She shot Caitlyn a fleeting smile before tugging at the beanie on her head, leaning back. “How many people are on this doc crew?” Vi asked, “Are they going to be on team planes and stuff?” “Well, because of our cut—down initiatives on our carbon footprint, theyll travel with us. The more we can get on a plane the better — no sense booking two planes when well all go to the same place,” Mel replied, “but Im not sure if theyll film on team planes and busses yet. So far there are four members of the crew — Im told the director is very experienced and a Zaun native.” “Do you know what else theyve done?” Vi asked, and Caitlyn raised an eyebrow at the specificity of the questioning. “I looked them up,” Mel replied, thumbing through a contract, “it appears theyve done a few docu—series on the Zaun graffiti scene called Firelight, one detailing the official name change in Bangle City called Battle of the Bandle, and one about sea travel called—” “Wooden Horses?” Vi asked. Mel nodded, setting the contract down, surprised. “You know her?” Vi chuckled, and tugged at the back of her beanie, her hands constantly moving in gestures that Catilyn recognized. When they were down a few goals and needed to rally, Vi was a blur of hand movements, jittery, anxious when she wasnt  doing . When Vi was about to have a play called to her direction it was much the same — a constant buzzing of motion in the fingers, drumming, tapping, picking, twitching. “Since birth,” Vi said, “shes my younger sister.”  “Your sister makes movies?” Caitlyn asked Vi much later, holding Vis toes as the shorter woman did a set of crunches in a cutoff sweatshirt that Vi had torn the sleeves off of, all abs and porcelain skin and tattoos. Caitlyn kept her gaze professional, but it wasnt without its challenges. “Documentaries,” Vi grunted, her hands pressed to her head as she pulled herself up as if on a rope, twisted left and right, and relaxed back to the mat. It was only the two of them working out this late — it was only the two of them a lot these days. Vi accompanied Caitlyn to her morning skates, her night skates, and Caitlyn accompanied Vi to her gym sessions and film marathons. They werent the chattiest pair together, but they were both unquestionably better for it. Caitlyn had never realised how  hard  Vi worked at maintaining her form — or, well, hadnt understood the routine of it, anyways. Caitlyn had obviously benefitted from the physical work that Vi put in, but the film watching — that had been a revelation. Vi spent  hours  watching tape of other teams — how they moved, their signals on offence, tendencies and weaknesses. She kept all of her notes in these colour—coded journals, one for every team, scribbled what they were likely to do in any given situation, how she could potentially stop it. Caitlyn had to admit it was addictive, even a little fun, to be beside Vi when she grunted in surprise about a specific move or paused the tape to scribble furiously. Caitlyn couldnt stop watching her when it happened. Vis foot slipped beneath Caitlyns hand as she got distracted, earning Caitlyn a pointed, annoyed grunt as she pushed it back into position. “Sorry. How long has she done that?” Vi pulled herself up until her chest was to her bent knees, until her and Caitlyns faces were mere inches apart, and eyed the taller woman. “Why?” Caitlyn shrugged. “Making conversation.” “Youve never taken an interest in my family before,” Vi pointed out. “Your family wasnt about to follow me around with a camera before,” Caitlyn countered, and then pat Vis knee. “But if I touched a nerve, Im sorry.” Caitlyn waited as Vi narrowed her eyes, lip curling at the challenge of it. “You didnt  touch a nerve ,” Vi said, taking the bait wholly, “Its just weird to talk about with you.” “Why?” Vi glared. “You know why. We dont usually talk about anything that isnt work related.” Caitlyn nodded, and then shrugged. “No time like the present.” Vi nodded, and then pulled her feet out of Caitlyns grip, rose to grab sanitation wipes and wipe off the mat. Caitlyn stripped off her sweater as she rose from the mat to allow Vi room, waiting to change places with her. Vi turned back around and raised both eyebrows. “New workout gear?” Caitlyn looked down at her sports bra, shrugged. “I didnt do laundry — forgot after our last road trip.” Vi nodded, still standing exactly where she was, holding the sanitation wipes in her left hand, gaze roving over Caitlyns freshly bared torso. Caitlyn couldnt help but flex a little, tightening her stomach and making Vis gaze zip southward before she visibly snapped out of it, shooting a glare towards Caitlyn as she bent to wipe down the mat. For a moment, Caitlyn was worried that shed done something wrong as she watched Vi wipe. There was something about Vi staring at her with open hunger that made her want to bottle the expression, keep it on her nightstand for bad days and take it out when she lost confidence. But Vi had put a stop to  With jerky movements, Vi finished wiping the mat, disposed of the sanitary wipe and gestured to Caitlyn to lay down. “Im sorry,” Caitlyn said as she took Vis place, not  totally  sure what she was apologising for. “Forget it,” Vi replied, waving it off. “No, really. If youd like I can make sure that Im more— appropriately dressed.” “Cait,” Vi said, “I am not complaining about a hot girl being half naked around me. Youre fine.” Caitlyn nodded tightly as Vi got on her knees in front of her sneakers, hands gripping her ankles as Caitlyn put her hands behind her head and began to slowly, smoothly, pull herself up and down. She was a little sloppier than Vis well practised, attached—to—a—rope movements, but shed come a long way from being a gangly teenager who got injured all the time. “You dont think its inappropriate after we…?” Vi scowled as she watched Caitlyn, reaching up to adjust Caitlyns arm to be further bent, the adjustment immediately making Caitlyn feel a new stretch in her abs muscles. Caitlyn nodded in thanks as Vi said, “We live in each others pockets. Were going to get eyefulls eventually. Its all good.” Caitlyn nodded again and, through a light strain in her voice, said, “Why dont you want to talk about your sister?” Vi hesitated, letting the silence stretch for a few reps — up, twist left—right, down, up, twist left—right, down. “She wanted to go to film school since she was twelve,” Vi said, “but it was expensive — too expensive for a sole owner of a bar in Zaun. I was seventeen and got a scholarship to college — a partial ride for one year, but I knew I wanted to go pro. I was itching to see anything that wasnt Zaun. I think Powder was the same.” Caitlyn nodded to indicate she was listening, her abs beginning to burn as she slowed into a rest between sets, leaning back against the mat, her ponytail holder digging into her skull as she imagined a young Vi, bright eyed, bushy tailed, trying to get somewhere, do something. “Powder always said that she didnt want to make up stories — the idea of  inventing  something was less appealing than  telling  something. She was always on the outside looking in at school, kind of a loner, and I think observing people helped her a lot. Deciding to translate that into her love of film made a lot of sense.” “How did Mel not know you were related?” Caitlyn asked, beginning her second set. Vi pressed Caitlyns feet to the mat a little more forcefully, her face carved in thoughtful lines, her gaze on Caitlyn, but also far, far away. “She probably has Vanders last name,” Vi said, softly. Caitlyn waited a few crunches, and when Vi didnt elaborate, asked, “whos Vander?” Vi blinked, watched Caitlyn, and then tapped her ankle. “Rest. Dont overdo it.” “Vander was the man who raised us,” Vi continued as Caitlyn laid back down on the met, pushing up on her elbows to better look at Vi, “he ran a bar downtown. We worked at it in the summers to cut down on overhead, mostly lived table to mouth. He was… good to Powder.” Caitlyn watched the expressions dance over Vis face, the remembrance, the devastation. There was something about it that was familiar, tugged insistently at the memory strands of her brain. “But not to you?” Vi, again, left the reverie she was in, slid a smirk Caitlyns way as she waved towards herself. “Cant win em all, cupcake. Alright, last set.” Caitlyn watched Vis face for a moment, began to attempt to bridge the gap between her and Vi in her head. She was always awful at talking in the other womans presence, clumsily tongued and awkward, but when it came to whatever made Vi have that desperate expression, made her twitchy to run away from probing questions, Caitlyn had a need to lance to the heart of it, figure her out, solve her like a puzzle. But the time wasnt now — not when Vis decision to remove the  benefits  of their relationship was still fresh in both of their minds. Not when the relief of it — of Vi wanting to still interact with her outside of  that  — was still felt in her extremities. She began her last set of crunches, features curved into a playful mask. “So, if your sisters anything like you, I should keep my wits about me, huh?” Vi laughed, nodded, and kept Caitlyns feet planted. “You have no idea,” she said.  It was November 8th, and the Sumprats were hosting the Freijlord Wanderers and the Shurima Artifacts on back to back nights. The Freijlord Wanderers were action—pushers, a team that loved to force you into your own zone and play from behind. They were strong at keeping the lead but if they didnt capture the lead early they were taken completely out of the competition, without goal scorers or headliners on their squad. The plan had been simple from the Sumprats bench, fueled by being at their own barn and on a 3 game win streak. Put their very best scorers on the ice to start, run it up early, and then dare the Wanderers to catch up. Diana and Ashe were on the wings with Vi playing centre, a position that shed played in college a lot but rarely in the pros — only when things were really desperate did she take the faceoff circle. Leona and Caitlyn brought up the D—line, Leona for her rocket of a shot and Caitlyn because she could either facilitate the offense or create her own goals. The fivesome were nicknamed by the media as the Rocketeers as the season carried on, their stats together being far and away the best set of five players on the ice in the league. The Sumprats fanbase, finding that nickname stupid, simply called the lineup Hot Girl Shit. Ashe and Diana were making noises about having T—Shirts made. At the puck drop, Vi lost the draw to the Wanderers but chased it back to rattle the puck handler across the boards, narrowly missing the turnover as they barely managed to squeak a pass to another Wanderer. As they tried to move it into the Sumprats zone, Ashe got a stick on a wobbily pass, deflecting it to Leona who dumped it hard into the Wanderers zone. Diana barely beat the Wanderers to it, zipped a pass to Ashe, who got it to Caitlyn out at the point. Caitlyn slowed the play down, observing for a beat, a second beat, before the Sumprats zipped the puck between the five of them — Caitlyn to Diana to Leona to Ashe to Vi — in less than a second. Vi had the puck and saw nothing but net as she sent the puck home for the goal. 1—0 Sumprats, 33 seconds into the first period. The next draw was taken by Vi again, played back to Leona. Leona faked a pass to Diana before chipping it to Caitlyn, who pushed the action back into the Wanderers zone and banked a pass off of the boards to a waiting Ashes right skate blade. Ashe fired a howitzer of a shot that the Wanderers goalie managed to turn away, but Vi was on the rebound in a flash, being pummeled, pushed and pulled by various Wanderer players on her way as she slapped a messy pass back to Caitlyn. Caitlyn rocketed the puck through traffic in the front of the net,, deflected off of Dianas ankle and past the tendie, the crowd of bodies chasing Vi meaning the goalie didnt even see the shot before it was fired. 2—0 Sumprats in the first 51 seconds, and the lineup had done its job. When they sat back on the bench, they clapped each others skates with their sticks as the Sumprats switched to defensive lineups, looking to create turnovers and keep the puck away from Graves as they worked to keep their lead. Vi and Caitlyn sat next to one another, staggered so that at least one of them could be pushed onto the ice at any given moment. Caitlyn watched the team with pride in her chest as Thresh dumpstered a Wanderer and slapped the loose puck to Mylo, who played it back — strongly, with a lot more confidence than hed displayed early — to Illaoi, playing keep away, running time. The Wanderers managed to close the gap midway through the second when they intercepted a risky pass and snuck one by Graves on his blocker side, but Caitlyn extended the lead when Vi found her behind the net, leading to her slipping past the goaltenders left side and banking a shot off of their stick and in, the rifle sound echoing as her teammates — and the assembled fans — mimed firing a rifle. Caitlyn and Vi met at the teams blue line in a celebration, followed by the rest of the on—ice sumprats, grinning. The Wanderers tried to rally, but the damage was done. Caitlyn skated back to the bench, glancing up to see a woman with blue hair, chewing gum from the stands, a blue media pass around her neck. She slowly blew a pink bubble as a cameraman stood at her side, the lens tracking her as she hopped onto the bench platform and the door closed behind her. Sitting down, she nodded at the blue haired woman to Sevika. “New outlet?” Sevika glanced over, and rolled her eyes, gum chomping furiously. “Doc crew.” Caitlyn craned her neck further, met the blue haired girls eyes, glinting purple in the dim light. The girl mimed raising a rifle, pointed it towards Caitlyn, and pretended to fire it. Caitlyn raised an eyebrow, and on impulse, raised a hand as if to catch the projectile. The blue haired woman grinned, winked, and turned back to the ice as the puck dropped again.  “I first began skating,” Caitlyn says to the camera, the lens capturing the way the fluorescent lights shone in her irises, dressed in her ratty practice gear — fresh from her morning skate, skin damp, face flushed — “when I was five. My mother and father were officials in the city of Piltover — my mother was running for an interior council position and father worked in the Parks department — and they didnt have a lot of time for me when I was growing up.” Caitlyns voice floats over footage of her at six, skating with confidence in tiny hockey gear, a full cage on her face that did nothing to dampen the fierceness behind her deep blue eyes. She tries to flip the puck into the air and only pushes it away from her, manages to wrangle it and try again, and again, and again. “They figured that I needed something to occupy my time after school, because they didnt always have the time or bandwidth to take care of me. So, sports. Mother was a figure skater, but I didnt like the solitude very much — skating, its usually you and a coach, or if youre lucky, you and one other person. I wanted the team aspect — the social aspect. Plus, Id grown up watching the Lone Stars — I loved Grayson, the way she could score from anywhere on the ice. I wanted to be just like her.” Footage of Caitlyn at nineteen, easily flipping the puck in the air, trying to smack it out of midair and missing with a  whoosh . Caitlyn, rushing forwards in her college uniform, firing a wrister past a goalie in all brown pads, raising her hands above her head as her college team slammed into her for the celebration. “I kept doing it,” Caitlyn says, hesitating, then continuing, “because I loved it. I love how it makes me feel to skate out there, to be in a crowd, feel the energy coming from the stands and just — pushing you to new heights. I love competition, and I love…” She trailed off into silence as the footage continues — Caitlyn in a Lone Stars jersey getting smoked by Vi moments after she fired a shot on net, hitting the ice with her hands raised as the puck went in. Vi visibly says  fuck  as she skates away, and Caitlyn clambers to her feet, smiling at herself as she heads to the Lone Stars bench. “I love winning,” Caitlyn says, simply, shrugging at the camera as she wipes at her face with her shirt, before breaking into a goofy, too—loud laugh. “Powder,” she says, “do you mind if I shower now? Im pretty gross.”  “Theyre starting a documentary when were hip deep in november?” Leona asked, and Caitlyn shrugged with the water at her lips, taking a slow sip. The rest of the team alternated between fighting over the pool tables, intense discussions on the merits of ordering nachos, and Thresh and Poppy making a spreadsheet of microbrews — from Caitlyns seat, it looked more like Thresh was making the spreadsheet and Poppy was directing and criticising animatedly while Mylo chimed in from the Nachos discussion with a zinger or two. Caitlyn and Leona were in the centre of the three stations, an island of calm surrounded by ever—ramping chaos, roles that they shared with Claggor whenever he was handy. Today, Claggor was with the Nachos debaters. He was passionate about his sharable foods. “I guess the logic is that nobody knew wed do anything worth filming,” Caitlyn replied, and Leona dragged a thumb across her chin in thought, rotating her own water with her free hand. The two had established a… comfortable relationship. Leona seemed to be making an effort to talk more, and Caitlyn was meeting the effort with enthusiasm, if some caution. She was still weary of saying the wrong thing around Leona, who seemed confident and self—assured and had a successful relationship with a teammate. Caitlyn wouldnt call them friends, but she saw less resentment from Leona when Leona wasnt expecting her to look. “Ive never been in a documentary. Is it weird that Im nervous?” Leona asked. Caitlyn shrugged. “I think thats fairly normal as a reaction.” “Yeah, but I mean — Im on TV all the time. Media interviews, post games, calling in to local radio stations, commercials. But the idea of sititng in a chair and answering questions is crazy.” Caitlyn nodded. “Id be scared to watch it.” “Yes!” Leona said, pointed at Caitlyn. “Exactly. Watching yourself through someone elses eyes.” “Mel says that the doc crew are all Zaunites, and that theyll have our best interests at heart because theyre fans. “Mm. Ive honestly never been in a city like it. Every city has its fans, sure, but I get strangers at the grocery store talking about the Lone Stars game. Ive signed more autographs in forty days than I did in my last two seasons in the league.” Caitlyn nodded, smiled. “Theyre  incredibly  passionate.” “Shit at nicknames, though.” Leona replied. Caitlyn smirked. “What, Hot Girl Shit isnt a winner?” “Oh, no, that bangs,” Leona said, “but they started calling me The Shield, which makes me sound like a cop.” Caitlyn laughed lightly. “Its coplike, yeah.” Leona chuckled, looking at her water, matched with Caitlyns on the bartop, and sighed. Her gaze was pulled to Vi and Diana, who were actively arguing over the rules of pool and whether they were allowed to sit on the pool table to take a shot. They were both narrow—gazed and animated, Diana gesturing to the bar floor while Vi pointed made large, sweeping no gestures. “I guess I can see the appeal,” Leona said, “I mean, team comes out of nowhere, was supposed to be shit, battles the War Horses, competes with the Knights, then houses the Lone Stars.” “Still havent played the Assassins,” Caitlyn reminded, and Leona shuddered. “God, yeah. The Assassins might house  us . We can toss Vi at one of their scorers but we might not have enough guns to win the war.” Caitlyn nodded, draining her water glass, shifting on the stool as she considered. “Viktor has a few ideas about that but he wants us to focus on this month. Our first game with the Assassins isnt until December.” Leona drained her glass too as Vi and Diana resumed their game of pool, turned to fully face Caitlyn, narrowing her gaze in a scrutinizing, quiet way. Caitlyn managed to meet her eyes, crawling out of her skin at being percieved this closely. “Youre a good teammate,” Leona said. Caitlyn waited a beat. “Thanks,” she said, cautiously. “Youre a phenomenal hockey player,” Leona continued. Caitlyn felt like she knew where this was going. “Alright.” “The Lone Stars thing doesnt add up.” Leona declared, and Caitlyn let her breath slowly whistle out of her, nodding. “Do you have a question, or?” Leona watched for a beat longer, and then shrugged. “Loads. But I dont think youd answer them — either you cant or you wont. It isnt my business anyways. But if were going to be filmed in a documentary, you may want to find a way to answer them.” Caitlyn nodded. “Thats good advice.” Leona nodded back, then lay a hesitant hand on Caitlyns shoulder, squeezing once. “Im going to go collect my wife. Have a good night, captain.” Caitlyn gave her a lazy wave, sliding her water across the bar. Leona sauntered up to Diana, slid a hand around her waist, and whispered something into her ear that made the slender, pale woman laugh, leaning back against Leonas shoulder and grinning. The two made a stunning sight, a sight that hit Caitlyn in the stomach with a wet fist of envy, her breath catching for a moment with it. Vi caught her gaze with a small smile and a shrug. Caitlyn shrugged back, helpless smiles mirrored between them, a moment of camraderie that lessened the fists hold.  “Hows retirement treating you?” Caitlyn asked the small image of her mother on her phone, the makings of bread spread out across the countertops of her open kitchen. Cassandra Kiramman scowled at the thought, and for a moment her facial features matched the mini Caitlyn in the corner of the screen. “Dreadful, honestly,” Cassandra said, her voice tinny in Caitlyns earbuds as Caitlyn balled dough in her hands and slapped it against a wooden plate powdered with flour. The entire reason she bought this specific home — besides the short commute to the arena and the very enthusiastically friendly neighbours — was the fact that it had two standing ovens built into the brick wall designed countertop, perfect for baking multiple loaves at once. It was a hobby shed picked up when she realized how much downtime being in the RHL left her, when she was so pent up with anger and hurt that she just needed to  create , and making bread meant equal parts being methodical, careful, following a recipe, and beating the shit out of something. “No fires to put out?” Caitlyn asked in sympathy as she picked the dough back up, kneaded it between her hands as she focused on her phone stand and her mothers annoyed brow. “It was relaxing for the first few months. Deciding not to run again made me realize how much Id neglected in my life to be focused on my career, so I decided to take up things Id wanted to do but just didnt have the time for.” “Crocheting, knitting?” Caitlyn asked. “Cooking,” Cassandra admitted. Caitlyns eyebrow rose. “Youre a terrible cook.” “I thought I just needed to apply myself,” Cassandra said breezily, running thin hands down her pant legs. Caitlyn waited a beat. “Did you ask dad?” “Your father was of the opinion that you and he had the culinary skills, and it was more than enough for our family that we had two kitchen geniuses.” Caitlyn smiled. “Anyways,” Cassandra said, forlornly, “it appears my skills at debate do not extend to convincing chicken parmesean to not burn, or taste delicious, or, even, cook at all.” Caitlyn laughed, slapping the dough back on the wooden plate and rolling out the bubbles in quick effecient movements, wiping a strand of hair out of her face as she went. “What else did you try?” “Tennis,” Cassandra said, “but your father remains a poor athletic partner. I joined a Eukre club but one of the ladies — Darla — cheats, and the others are very easy to predict strategically. Also, if I win too much, they start to get snippy, so I have to strike a balance between winning and losing and its far too much interpersonal drama than I want.” “Sounds like your time on council,” Caitlyn said, collecting her dough and trimming it, opening the bottom oven, and sliding it in, enjoying the brief blast of hot air on her face. “Only the worst of it,” Cassandra said, and then seemed to focus on something behind her phone camera and straightened. “But, um. Caitlyn.” The way she said  Caitlyn  gave the younger Kiramman pause, had her stop focusing on wiping away the flower on her counter and give her mother her entire attention. “I — Ive been keeping tabs on the Sumprats schedule,” Cassandra said, awkwardly, “and I notice that you have Harvestday free this year.” Caitlyn nodded. Harvestday games were a big deal in the RHL — peak watching times for some cities. Usually the league tried to finangle the schedule so that the best, most competitive games fell on a day when most people in Runeterra would have nothing to do but tune in. With the schedules being made so far in advance, the RHL hadnt scheduled the Sumprats to play on the holiday, assuming that theyd have an adjustment period before they were competitive. Word around the league, as per Mel, was that the RHL was kicking itself for that decision, and were glad that they had at least gotten the Sumprats in against the Assassins for the Solstice. This year was Caitlyns first free Harvestday. The last nine had been the Lone Stars against the Ironfists, Wickett vs Kiramman, big fan draws with high publicity. “We play tonight,” Caitlyn replied, finally, “but weve got four rest days between tonight and the next game. Why do you ask?” Cassandra opened her mouth, closed it, and said “I suppose you already have Harvestday plans with your team.” Caitlyn pursed her lips to stifle a smile. This careful, awkward way of approach was a new look on mother. “Not that Ive been made aware of.” “Ah, well.” Cassandra said, inhaled quietly, exhaled explosively. “Well, if you have no plans — your father and I are also, simialrly, plansless.” “Mother,” Caitlyn began, “would you like to come to mine for Harvestday?” Cassandra visibly lit up, and Caitlyns smile fought free. “Yes. Why yes of course. What day? You just say the day and Ill make sure were free.” “How about Saturday?” Caitlyn asked. “I dont have anything besides a practice the day before, plenty of time to begin cooking.” “Excellent! Yes. Saturday. Well fly in in the morning. Perhaps you can invite Amara as well — its been too long since weve all dined.” Caitlyns smile cooled. “Amara no longer represents me, Mother.” Cassandras countenance turned to one of shocked confusion, a frown fighting its way through. “No? By whose decision? If shes moved on—” “It was mine,” Caitlyn responded, “I fired her when I learned that the Lone Stars werent protecting me.” “Caitlyn Kiramman,” Cassandra said harshly, “you mean to tell me youve been unrepresented in the RHL since August?” Caitlyn blinked. Mother knew when shed been unprotected? She wasnt aware that Cassandra tracked her career that closely. “She was unfit, Mother. When compared to the other agents of the league, she didnt act as though she had my best interests at heart.” “I see,” Cassandra said, folding her hands on a knee in what Caitlyn knew as her problem solving pose, and braced for impact. “Well, you know more about this business than I do, Caitlyn, so Im sure your reasons were sound,” Cassandra said, and Caitlyn felt her jaw twitch from want to drop, “but Ive heard enough horror stories from RHL parents to know what can happen if a player tries to represent themselves.” Caitlyn sighed. “I know, Mother. Ive just been so distracted, what with the teams success and the new captaincy. I promise Ill find representation when my contract is due to be extended or come free agency.” “Quite distracted,” Cassandra said, still seemingly lost in thought, absorbing the new information, “yes, especially with you so far ahead in the MVP race this year.” Caitlyns jaw lost the battle to keep it tight with her face, and her mouth gaped just as Cassandra glanced behind the camera again and rolled her eyes. “I have to go now, darling. Eukre.” Cassandra made a sour face, and Caitlyn chuckled. “Goodbye, Mother. Let me know what flight youre on on Saturday and I can arrange for you to be picked up.” “So thoughtful,” Cassandra said, pleased, “goodbye!” The call ended, and the first thing Caitlyn did was google  RHL 2022 MVP race , the official polls having been released today. She stared at the screen with growing stunned disbelief, her fingers trembling as she read the list of names. 
Caitlyn Kiramman — Zaun Sumprats — 409,722 votes

Garen Crownguard — Demacia Knights — 312,411 votes

Akali Bergen — Noxus War Horses — 309,102 votes

Braum Doorman — Shadow Isles Assassins — 271,102 votes

Kaisa Boyd — Shadow Isles Assassins — 244,188 votes

 The rest of the top stories around the race were about how unsurprising it was, touting Caitlyns shooting percentage this season — coming in at 44% — her time on the ice being in the low 30 minutes mark, and her involvement in a lot of the Sumprats successes. Caitlyn hesitated, reluctant to click on any of the articles in any more depth. Shed fallen into that trap early in her career, when Piltover outlets were overjoyed at her addition to the roster, but the overjoy quickly turned to an expectation of more that she wasnt able to meet — not with all that she was battling at the time with the Lone Stars roster, Landsman, Coach Danforth. Shed wound up deciding it was better to block out the noise, focus on what she could control. But this new development intrigued her. Shed never even cracked the top five before in the MVP race, the scouts considering her an offense—only player who had a lot of talent on her roster, too much to consider her the standout. Bracing herself, Caitlyn clicked on the first link, a Zaunite outlet. 
   There is very little to be said for why Caitlyn Kiramman is topping the voting from the fans perspective — namely, that Zaun fans are loyal, rabid, and numerous. But its hard to blame them when you look at what the co—captain and star defenseman has done this season. In 17 games, Kiramman has 15 goals, 21 assists, and is second in the league in points behind the Shadow Isles Assassins Kaisa Boyd. Unlike Kaisa, however, Kiramman doesnt have the team support the Shadow Isles roster boasts — most of her points come off of direct assists and pushing the action herself. That isnt even touching her average of 31.1 minutes per game, the highest mark in over 13 seasons of RHL hockey. 
 
   Who knows if this pace is sustainable. The MVP race is a long one, and the Sumprats are the hot team right now to watch and weigh in on. Still, its hard to categorize Kirammans performance as any less than heroic. 
 Caitlyns hand shook as she backed away from the article, found a HexTube clip of Taylor Swiffer being interviewed about her performance, and tapped it with her thumb. “My question for you, Taylor,” said Dirk Lacroix, an ESPN anchorman, “is if this Kiramman thing is real or not.” Taylor scoffed, blonde hair bobbing lightly with the movement. “Dirk, I dont know how you can have watched this womans career and not be a little surprised by what were seeing. But its definitely real — Caitlyn Kiramman has never been a juggernaut of a player who can sustain a lot of punishment, but shes taken a big beating over her career. “Weve all seen the Ironfists famous game plan for playing the Lone Stars all those years — knock her down and keep her down. What were seeing  now , by contrast, is a team that refuses to let you get to her without taking punishment of your own, and Kiramman being untouched means she gets to — finally — play to a potential we havent seen in a long time.” “Some would say not since her rookie years,” Dirk put in. “Thats right, Dirk,” Taylor continued, “and what this also does is make us realize two things. Firstly, those Vironfist teams were a  lot  better than we gave them credit for for keeping Kiramman in a cage for the majority of her play. Secondly, that the Piltover Lone Stars were  much worse  for not having figured out a way to maximise Kirammans potential.” The clip ended with title cards featuring a bearded mans face stretched to the limit in shock over the top 7 craziest RHL plays, or the top 4 most insane RHL fights. Caitlyn set her phone down, leaned her elbows on the floury counter, and exhaled low and slow, a weight settling into her chest.  “Vi was…” Caitlyn begins, searching for the words. Shes dressed down in nice slacks and a blazer, a simple gold pendant at her throat. Shes seated in the team briefing room, red and black colours settling around her, her own jersey — the number 33 in blood red — framed just above her head. “She was like nothing Id ever encountered, honestly. Most of the people Id played against were a lot more muted in their desire to win. I think it has something to do with the fact that youre on live television from the moment you step onto the ice until the moment you step off. A lot of players dont want to be embarrassed just as much as they want to win.” Footage of Vi flopping on the ice, stick waving madly to break up a play, looking like a fish out of water. Footage of her skating to the ice with blood dripping down her eyebrow and lip from being smashed into the steel crossbar trying to muscle a bigger player away from her goaltender, grinning madly and wincing from the play. Vi slamming into a younger Leona, bouncing off and skidding across the ice trying to pounce on the puck. “Vi didnt care about looking cool,” Caitlyn says, voice far away, lost in memory, “she just wanted to win. Shed embarrass herself every time if it meant that she won a hockey game. I think thats what  made  her cool — to me, to others.” Caitlyn blinks once, then shot the camera a wry smile. “Ive never lined up against someone so competitive. I felt like I saw more of her in our games than my own teammates — she was basically my shadow. Still, I think…” Vi and Caitlyn in different jerseys, nearly nose to nose, talking through bared teeth with angry words. Caitlyn and Vi in the same jersey, hands on their sticks, sticks on their knees as they stand beside each other, talking seriously, strategizing on the ice between plays. “I think we surprised each other,” Caitlyn says, and smirks. “Id like to think I surprised her more.”  “Congratulations, MVP racer,” Poppy teased as Caitlyn arrived to the rink, hockey bag in tow, head bent over her phone. Caitlyn glanced up and smiled at Poppy and Thresh, closing her phone screen,  Vi at the top of the conversation she had been typing in. “Its a long season,” Caitlyn said, and Thresh shook his head. “You deserved every vote,” he said. “I was so happy to see it — Poppy and I went through every article we could find.” “ You  went through them,” Poppy muttered, “I was playing Star Crusher.” The three of them walked into the arena together, passing by Illaoi — scarfing down a sandwich and nodding with a really gross  suh  — her pre—game ritual, theyd all learned. Illaoi was insane about her health and her weight and diet, but on home games she needed to eat a corned beef sandwich in the entryway of the arena, because shed done it the first time they had played there and they currently hadnt lost at home. Along the way to the locker room, Poppy and Thresh were going over the highlights of the more favorable articles, assumedly to gas Caitlyn up, motivate her. Caitlyn tolerated it with a faint smile and the occasional nod until her steps began to slow, her attention called to Vi standing just past the staff entrance to the arena, talking to someone up in the stands, framed by a window in the double doors. She looked… hushed. Familiar. Almost intimate. “Im living for all of these pundits taking the Lone Stars to task, too. Nothing like a new team for people to realise that an old one was a garbage pile.” Poppy said. “Yeah. Hey, Ill catch up with you guys,” Caitlyn said distractedly, putting a hand on each of Thresh and Poppys shoulders before ducking down the corridor that Vi stood in, footsteps careful. Poppy and Thresh peered around the corner, shot each other an excited grin, and dashed off to the locker room to find Leona and Diana. Caitlyns pace slowed as Vi hissed something upwards, and the reply had Vi taking a large step back, eyes widening, looking downright  wounded . Something surged through Caitlyns body, something protective and growling as she pushed through the staff door with a shoulder. “Hey, Vi?” She called, voice much louder than she needed to speak, a little iron in it. Vis head whipped to look at her, face looking… struck, like shed been slapped, pale and unsettled. Caitlyn looked up to see the same blue haired girl from the Wanderers game draping her rail thin body over the railing that prevented people from the stands from falling into the tunnel, dressed in short shorts and a black vest despite the chill of the November air. She peered at Caitlyn curiously, before breaking out into a wide, bubble—gum stained smile, and ducked through the railing to lean all the way down and extend a hand towards Caitlyn. “Caitlyn Kiramman, right? Hey, congrats on the MVP thing — Im told its a  huge  deal. Im Powder Lanes. Can I call you Caity?” “Catlyns fine,” Caitlyn said, taking the hand and squeezing firmly. She could see the family resemblence around the eyes and chin, the mouth itching to frown like Vis but stretched in a manic grin, purple eyes flaring. “She sure is,” Powder said, and grinned. “You know, as research for this thing I read quite a few thirsty posts about you. Your twitter is interesting — also completely unusable for the doc, naturally. But it gave me some context on what the viewer wants to see for you — namely shooting you from behind.” “Youre the documentary director,” Caitlyn said, sliding her gaze to Vi who was stone silent and staring at the crease between wall and floor, fists buried in her pockets.  “Guilty as charged. I dont start interviews until next week but I know Ill get a lot from you two. Apparently youre all the gossip.” Caitlyn smiled tightly. “If you dont mind, Powder — Vi and I need to prepare for a game.” “Oh! Of course. Ill be filming some of the ice for that, actually — Ill wave to you in the stands again.” Caitlyn nodded, reached over and wrapped an arm around Vi, tugging her back into the tunnel and towards the locker room. She went woodenly, hesitantly, eyes roving the spot above Powders head, the bleachers, the ice — anywhere but the director herself. “Nice to meet you, Powder Lanes,” Caitlyn called over her shoulder. Vi was sullen and quiet for all of pre—game warmups and practice — even worse, she was  distracted  . She missed every shot she took on Ekko — taking the net to replace Graves since no goaltender played both games on a back—to—back — fumbled passes, lacked awareness. Her eyes kept this… familiar quality to them, a gaze that Caitlyn had seen before but couldnt put her thumb on exactly  where . As Caitlyn finished stretching out her hamstrings, she hesitated for a few moments as Vi was staring at the ice with her elbows on her knees, before pushing towards Ekko in his crease, warming up his stickhandling. “Hey,” Caitlyn said, and Ekko looked up at her, surprised. There was an unwritten rule around tendies, that you didnt screw with their routine — they were superstitious, prickly, and needed to focus on their own shit. But Ekko seemed a little different to the other tendies that Caitlyn had run into, a little more personable. He didnt talk to himself like Graves did, instead worked on little watches and clocks in his spare time, honing his fine motor skills, a trade hed picked up from his father. Caitlyn liked him, but also felt like he needed something — a push. “Vis not on tonight,” Caitlyn said, gaze searching the packed stands to find Powder with her combat boots up on a stool in the press box, talking animatedly to a blonde woman who was operating a sparkly camera. Ekko nodded through his mask. “Bad night?” “We all have them. You might face a little more heat. You up for it?” Ekko hesitated, glancing down at his crease, drawing across the red painted lines with his stick. “Ill have to be.” Caitlyn nodded, and then tapped his pads with her stick blade. “Well keep them in front of you,” she said, skating back towards the bench, her eye on Vi. Vi had no pregame speech for them, was sitting on the bench looking pale, haunted. Caitlyn took her place beside her, nudged her shoulder. “You good?” she said quietly, echoing Vis words when Landsman had hit the deck. Vis gaze zipped to Caitlyns, zipped back to the ice. “Im fine.” “Because,” Caitlyn started, “you seem a little—” “I said I was fine, Kiramman,” snapped Vi. Caitlyn nodded, and didnt bring it up again. Vi was aggressive from the puck drop, leaping out at the Artifacts and clacking sticks, trying to hunt for the puck and over—pressing herself. She kept winding up out of position in her intensity, forcing her team to bail her out. Her elbow clacked into an Artifacts players chin, sending him spinning to the ice and netting her 2 minutes in the sin bin as she slapped her stick on the ground and glared at the ref who blew the whistle. “Horrible fucking call, Jerry,” Vi snapped as she skated by and the Artifacts player got up from the ice wobbily, skating back to the bench. “You may have concussed him, Vi,” the official replied back, “youre lucky youre not out of here.” “Terrible fucking call,” Vi snapped back as she sat in the penalty box, slammed her stick against the glass, and slammed the door behind her. Caitlyns eyes zipped to Ekkos as she skated to Sevika on the bench, chomping her gum as she put one foot on the wall and leaned forwards to bend close to Caitlyns ear. “Whats up with her?” Sevika murmured. “I dont know, but this could get bad,” Caitlyn replied, “Keep me on the penalty killing unit.” Sevika frowned. “Youre not as strong a defender as Illaoi or Leona. Wed get killed on the power play if I swapped you.” “As a forward,” Caitlyn responded, and Sevika shrugged. “Diana, youre sittin. Leona, Illaoi, Kiramman, Poppy — youre going. We got two minutes to fight em off — make em work for it.” The four skated towards the faceoff as Leona and Illaoi looked at Caitlyn, expectantly. 
   Our job as leaders is to make sure that when those folks numbers get called, theyre ready. 
 “Im not a penalty killer,” Caitlyn said, then turned to Poppy for the plan. Poppy hesitated, eyes wide, and then shrugged. “Keep them in front of you. We want Ekko to face long shots so clear the net as best as we can, let Ekko see them. Keep in a box, rotate, and push them off the puck.” “Sounds great,” Caitlyn said, tapping Poppys stick and getting set for the faceoff.  “Being a captain is about personal responsibility,” Vi says to the camera, scratching at an ankle idly. Shes clad in board shorts and a black tank, flip flop sandals on her feet and her ever—present backwards Sumprats snapback crushing her pink hair. “You cant ask anyone to do something youre not personally willing to do. It doesnt matter if youre terrible at it. It doesnt matter, even, if youre going to be a detriment to the team doing it. You have to be able to say Ill do it if nobody else can, and be prepared to eat it when youre wrong.” Footage of Vi, slamming the penalty box closed and slumping against the bench within, burying her face in her gloves. The score in the bottom corner showed Artifacts 0, Sumprats 0, with 17:33 to go in the first. Theres a beat before her shoulders wracked, her torso twisted in what looks like a singular, lonely sob. She drops her gloves with her eyes closed, leans back against the glass against the back wall, and begins to breathe deeply. “Its not about never apologising. Its not about playing great. Even the greats — well, most of the greats — had off days. Its not about being hyper competitive to the point of psychosis. Its just about asking people to fill their roles, and then being willing to when they cant — if they cant.” Vis quiet for a moment, adjusting her snapback with quick tugs, and shrugs both shoulders. “So, yeah.” She stares into the camera for a few moments longer than comfortable, hands clasped in front of her, expression stony, grim.  Five Artifacts players versus four Sumprats for the entirety of the two minute penalty, a cocktail for going down a goal in the opening frame. The entire time Caitlyn watched the faceoff circle, Vi floated in her mind — Vi closing for the check, Vi clogging the passing lanes, Vi muscling her way to the prime spots of the ice. The puck dropped and Poppy managed to chip it ahead, Caitlyn immediately racing for it, wheels that werent as fast as Rivens, but still fast. An Artifacts defender scooped it and Caitlyn chased him back, forcing him to back skate it into his own zone, buying precious seconds as she wheeled around.  Vi would cover the winger,  Caitlyn thought as she shuffled to the passing lane, head kept locked on the puck as the defenders passed it to one another, Poppy skating close, keeping them honest. Illaoi and Diana stayed near the blue line to cover the forwards, slowly moving back as the Artifacts pushed the action back into the Sumprats zone. The Sumprats had an untested backup goalie, and the light in the Artifacts players eyes showed that they new it, were hungry for it, picturing the goal light blaring. They marched the Sumprats back, and set up around the perimeter, the Sumprats forming a box in the middle, each of them taking turns skating up to challenge the puck handler, force them to cough it up. “Get up on him,” Poppy yelled to Caitlyn as the skater she was covering snatched a pass on the blade of their stick, and Caitlyn shifted forwards to challenge, her own stick lashing out and forcing her to zip it to her partner. “Illaoi, clear the crease,” Poppy hollered behind her as an Artifacts player moved to screen Ekkos sightlines, Illaoi shoving him hard with her shoulder to make sure Ekko could see it. “Leona,” called Poppy, but Caitlyn didnt get to hear the instruction as both women closed the passing lanes in front of the net as one. Leona knocked the puck out of the centres grasp as he crossed in front of Ekko, and Caitlyn sent it flying down the ice, pushing away this attack. Theyd only burned thirty seconds, and the Sumprats raced to get fresh legs on the ice. Caitlyn caught Vis eye as she skated to the bench — she looked furious with herself, furious at the situation in her little glass cage — and immediately popped open a can of Coca—Cola, began to guzzle it for the sugar rush for her next shift on the ice. “Whats going on with Vi?” Viktor asked, softly. Caitlyn shook her head as she finished the can and handed it to one of the assistants. “I have to talk to her at first intermission. We just need to survive until then.” Easier said than done. The Sumprats got caught out with fifty seconds left on the powerplay by a miscommunication between Thresh and Illaoi that left a skater open in the slot, slapping home a big slapshot that Ekko managed to turn away with his blocker. All nine skaters collapsed on the rebound, an Artifacts skater managing a chip shot that Ekko had to kick his legs out and stack his pads to shut the door on. He was horribly out of position when the puck squirted out to a trailing Shurima defenseman who saw nothing but gaping, wide open net as he slapped his stick to the ice, and time slowed to a crawl. Ekko was a blur of movement as the black disc flew through the air, and he shifted until his back was on the ice, kicked his legs upwards in a cartwheel, a desperate movement. The puck hit the toe of his skate, flipped end over end, and landed harmlessly around the back of the net. The Sumprats arena exploded in cheers and began to slam their fists on the glass as Illaoi scooped up the loose puck and sent it flying back down the ice as Ekko recovered, shrugged his shoulders, and skated forwards, laser—focused. The on—ice Sumprats slapped his pads with their sticks in thanks as they raced for the bench to get fresh skaters out, keep the penalty kill going. Caitlyn was on the ice for the last five seconds as Vi began to don her gloves, adjust her helmet, and stand by the penalty box door, ready to skate out as soon as the powerplay was over. The Artifacts were desperate to score, to jump to a lead on this red hot Sumprats team, finally put them in their place. A blast from the point made it past Poppys skate and Ekko flashed the stick, turning it away as he shifted to prepare for the rebound and turned that away, too, a kick save that had him shifting to the opposing side of the net, eyes tracking the disc. With two seconds to go, Leona got the loose puck, skated behind Ekkos net, shifted, and floated a pass to Caitlyn. With the Powerplay expiring, the door burst open and Vi skated back onto the ice. Caitlyn barely touched the puck, immediately shovelling it to Vi, who had a breakaway chance, a one on one with the Artifacts goaltender. The tendie was untested, ice cold, the action solely in the Sumprats end for the past two minutes. Vi bared her teeth in her mouthguard, corralling the puck on her stick blade, shifting it to her forehand to backhand and back in quick, measured movements. Vis shot sailed over the top of the crossbar, and even the TV cameras picked up the  FUCK  that Vi roared, her stick slamming onto the ice in frustration as the puck was snagged by the Artifacts, moved up ice. The Sumprats started to feel the frustration, too — they were  better , but Vi being off of her game had them hesitating, unable to rely on her steadfast defence. She couldnt stay out of the box, getting another penalty for interference on a late hit, resulting in a frantic penalty kill that had the Sumprats clinging to the 0—0 score by their fingernails. Ekko was the real star, turning away shots quickly, jumping on rebounds. It was like things slowed down for him, his reaction time scary as he focused, rose to the teams needs. At the end of the first period, it felt like an escape. Ekko had faced nineteen shots and not a single one went past him. As the team trooped to the locker room, Caitlyn grabbed the collar of Vis pads and yanked her past the door, marching her into the equipment room without a backwards glance. “Start without us,” she told a confused looking Viktor.  “When did I know,” Graves murmurs, tugging idly on his sideburns. His wedding ring glints in the lights of the Sumprats locker room on a dainty gold chain, silver with a picture of a cowboy hat engraved into it. He stretches out his pad—clad legs, dressed in a sweaty black tanktop on his torso, his goaltending gear still on from the waist down. “Ive been in this league for a long time — far longer than most tendies. Goalies, they say, mature around 27, 28 — not an exact science, but thats the generally agreed upon prime for a tendie. Im nearly eleven years past that, and Ive enjoyed every single second of being between the pipes.” He scratches his chin with a small smile, popping nicotine gum into his mouth and begins to chew slowly. “Ive thought a lot about writing a book, you know. Sort of an introspective to this season — maybe every season Ive had. Im a real dinosaur, you know. They call me the elephant — a long memory, for a tendie. Folks often ask me—” He pauses, looking at a spot above the camera, laughs as the interviewer says something. “I know the question, dont worry. Im getting there. Dont interrupt me.” “Anyways,” Graves continues, “Folks often ask me, you know, Graves, why do you chew nicotene gum? Well, my husband wanted me to cut back on cigars, but cigars really focus me, you know? They really keep me—” he made a popping noise with his lips, waggled his thick, bushy eyebrows — “sharp. Focused. But they also ask me, you know, how you can stand to be in the crease facing off against shots from the Garens and the Leonas and the KaiSas of the league, those who have absolute cannons for a slapshot and can just — you know that KaiSa actually ripped the net once? She shot the puck so hard that it just  rrrrip  — tore the netting. Thats a crazy fast shot, you know. She usually wins the skill competition for hardest slapshot. Anyways, I think, you know, the league — it usually looks down on tendies and we have this reputation of being, as the skaters often say, fucking weird, but I dont think its that weird to want to protect your team, you know? And I know we have enforcers, and team captains, and management that protects us from the league in some cases, and I know that we have actual defenders as a position who try to protect the house, you know, but theres nothing more protective — I think, anyway — than being in the net and blocking a shot that could beat your team, you know. And were here — I think, anyway — to win games. So if you think about it, netminders are really the most protective people in the entire Show — the whole league has tough guys, goons, defenders, defensive forwards, captains, and managers, you know, and theyre all trying to do their role but their role, I think, anyway, is to score goals and keep the goals coming to win games. Only one position has the entire job of making sure you  dont  score goals, and thats the tendie. So maybe goalies are contrarians, maybe were just the folks who say hey, you know, that thing you wanna do, well, Im not gonna let you do it. Thats what I think, anyway.” Graves lapses into silence, staring into the middle distance, rubbing a hairy cheek. “Whats that?” he asks, focusing back on the interviewer. “Oh, when did I know  Ekko  would get the starting gig?” he asks, then shrugs.  “It was the cartwheel thing he did. Crazy shit.”  “What the fuck are you doing,” Vi snapped as Caitlyn slammed the equipment room door closed, standing in front of Vi with her arms folded. Caitlyn said nothing for a moment, watching as Vi began to move, jittery, pacing back and forth on her skates, cutting deeply into the rubber as she tuck her helmet off, tossed it to the ground, tugged her gloves off in her armpits and pitched them, too, seeming to try to walk off whatever funk had snuck up her spine. “Look, cupcake,” Vi said, and her voice reminded Caitlyn of before theyd played together, whenever theyd meet up in hotel rooms four times a year — cocky, arrogant, teasing, “I know that Im hot shit, but I meant it when I said I wanted to stop doing this so a quickie in the equipment room between periods is not going to—” “Can we cut the bullshit?” Caitlyn asked. Vi stopped, stared, and her lips twisted into a sarcastic, snide expression. “I dont know,  can  we?” “I dont know what youre referring to,” Caitlyn said, ice to Vis heat, “but its not relevant to what we need to do now — in this game. Youre playing like a lunatic, and youre costing us chances.” “Fuck you I am,” Vi snarled, “Im always aggressive. Its what I do. Get with the fucking program.” “Youre always aggressive, yes,” Caitlyn said, “but youve never played like youre the only person on the ice. We cant win with you in the box, Vi. Not with me on the penalty kill.” “Yeah, you seemed to do  just fine on the PK without me, cupcake,” Vi snapped, began to pace again. Her expression seemed familiar again, and Caitlyn slowly started to piece it together — where shes seen this look on Vis face before. “Maybe the whole team would do just fucking  fine . You covered your man just swell — hey, it was almost like you were me out there. We should teach you to hit and then it wont fucking matter if I spend the rest of my fucking career in the penalty box — well just gas you up and then—” She was cut off by Caitlyn moving forwards, spurred on by the memory of a hotel door opening, of a drunk Vi swaying on her feet, looking damaged, wounded, like shed never seen before. Her helmet joined Vis on the ground as she stepped up to the shorter woman, gripped her shoulderpads, pulled her inwards and wrapped her arms around her. Vi froze as Caitlyn threaded her fingers through Vis hair, slow, steady. “Its okay,” Caitlyn said, unsure of her words, hesitant to take another wobbly step. It was apparently enough. Vis left arm came around her waist, right arm coming around the name on the back of Caitlyns sweater, arm covering up KIRAMMAN. Vi pressed her face slowly into the collar of Caitlyns jersey, hands scrunching into fists as the fabric bent and folded beneath her fingertips. Vi sobbed once, and Caitlyn squeezed her tighter. “Im sorry,” Vi blurted, through a choked, strangled voice. “Its okay,” Caitlyn repeated, because its all she knew to do. She was driven to add  Youre okay  under her breath, pressing a cheek to Vis head as the smaller woman clung to her, wet explosions of breath against Caitlyns jersey. They remained there, in the dark of the equipment room, huddled together.  A minute into the second period, Vi and Caitlyn emerged from the tunnel, nodding at Sevika as they moved along the bench to take their seats. Ekko had stone cold robbed the Artifacts of another great chance, his eyes flashing bright behind his mask as he commanded his crease, shoving an Artifacts player away that got too close. Another high wrister that he caught in his glove, spinning and covering it up for the faceoff as the Sumprats tapped his pads and masks, elation on their faces. Caitlyn looked up at the scoreboard, seeing that it was 0—0 still, and Ekko had faced 26 shots — almost as much as a tendie faced in an entire game. “Wickett, Kiramman,” Sevika hollered, “youre goin.” Vi and Caitlyn hopped the boards and Sevika grabbed Caitlyns jersey. “Is your girl good to roll now?” she asked. Caitlyn opened her mouth to respond, and then looked down the bench, to behold her teammates smirking faces. She realised, all at once, that her and Vi disappearing for ten minutes and rejoining like nothing happened could… Well, it had a certain… “Yeah. Yes. Well get it.” Caitlyn confirmed, cheeks flushing. “Good,” Sevika said, “because Ekkos giving us a hell of a game and Im not wasting it.” Caitlyn pushed off in reply, skating towards the faceoff circle as Vi had the Sumprats circle up. “Ekko,” Vi said, “youre fucking crushing it. Hero hockey. Were getting you the win.” “Doing what I can, Cap,” panted Ekko, and Illaoi gripped him in a hug. “Right,” Vi continued, “Caitlyn, Im dishing to you — were going to hit them with an open door policy. I cant shoot for shit tonight so Im going to give you some room. Riven, go straight north with Darius and do your thing. Nobody on this planet can catch you when youre smoking.” Riven nodded. “How are we getting the puck?” Vi looked at Caitlyn, and then back at Riven in incredulity. “Right,” Riven laughed, “Sorry, captain. Stupid question.” Caitlyn smiled. “Forgiven.” True to her word, as soon as the puck hit the ice, Darius shuffled it to Vi who swung it to Caitlyn and skated interference, forcing the defence to hit her to get to Caitlyn as Caitlyn moved laterally with it and zipped the puck up the wall of the rink, rolling up the glass and plopping to the ice right in front of a charging Riven and a backpedalling Artifacts defender. Riven beat him to it by a stride and whipped the puck behind her to a trailing Darius, who deked right before hitting the Artifacts goaltender with a high wrister for the finish.  The netminder flashed the glove a split second too late, and Darius arms were in the air as the Sumprats goal horn sounded. 1—0 Sumprats, and Vi and Caitlyn tapped Darius helmet as they glanced at each other, glanced over at the Artifacts bench. Then, they went to work. Vi found Caitlyn with an around the back pass that had Caitlyn firing a no—looker to Illaoi, leaving her wide open to bury the puck stickside and bring the game to 2—0. The Artifacts pressed their attack, seeking to penetrate the sudden brick wall that Ekko had built around the net with flashing pads and stick and glove, a whirlwind of Sumprats coloured goalie. In the mid third period when Ekko made a diving save to snuff out the chances of yet another Artifacts goal, the forward who shot it let out an exasperated guffaw. “Fuck me, man,” he called, “he can get there so fast its like he saved it before I shot it.” Vi laughed, tapped Ekkos skate as she joined the Artifacts skater. “Thats our boy,” she grinned, “time wizard.” The Artifacts were thoroughly exasperated and waved the white flag in the third, playing their younger players and callups as the Sumprats did the same, Ekko cruising to a 41 shot shutout that had the Sumprats crowd on their feet and chanting his name as the time wound down. Ekko pulled his mask off and grinned, speed—skating towards Illaoi the first chance he got as she opened her arms and wrapped him in a bear hug, spinning him around once on her skates as the Sumprats mobbed him to tap his helmet and push at his head. As the team separated, Ekko skated to Caitlyn, looked at her a little — shyly, she realised, with some surprise. “Thanks for believing in me, Captain,” he said, quietly, “I didnt know I could do that.” Caitlyn grinned, and placed a hand on his shoulder. “You answered the bell, Ekko. Congrats on your first shutout in the show.” Ekkos grin widened and he slipped a hand around her waist in a half hug as he skated towards the tunnel, Caitlyn watching him go with some amusement on her expression, a little wonder. “Thanks,” Vi said later in the locker room, staring straight ahead half dressed, knee bobbing in anxious little movements. Caitlyn wiped her face with a towel, tapped Vis hip pad with the back of her glove in a quick, friendly gesture. “Teammates, right?” Vis face fell a little before she slid a sly smile Caitlyns way.  “Teammates.”



  
  Footage spliced together, grainy and old, of a hockey tournament in a highschool called First Winter High. Students, 15 and 16 years old, wearing ratty uniforms and frayed hockey equipment battle for the puck on wobbly, unsteady skates. One child spins away from the pack, puck on her stick, and manages to fling a hard wrister into the net of the shaky goaltender, raising her hands in celebration as she scores and the team coming around her to pat her helmet or give her a stick tap.
 
  Her jersey number is 6.
 
  Number 6 skates over to the bench where her coach, a burly, bearded man in a constant scowl, waits. Immediately, the man seems to launch into a criticism, snatching number 6s stick away from her and demonstrating in the middle of the game how to shoot a proper wrist shot while number 6 stands stock—still, watching with a wooden, frozen body expression. Eventually, the coach shoves the stick back into number 6s hands and points back to the faceoff circle as the rest of the team set up. Number 6 reaches for some water, squirts a mouthful through the full cage she wears, and makes her way back to the faceoff circle, her stick on her knees, hands on her stick in a bent over position. As she bends over the faceoff circle, the footage cuts to number 6 in a Sumprats jersey, WICKETT on the back of her sweater as she wins the faceoff back to a teammate, skates free, and taps her stick for the pass back.
 
  “My father was a long time hockey coach,” Vis voice says as footage of a young Vi with her arm wrapped around the burly coach smiles for the camera, Vi missing a baby tooth and the coachs eyes wrinkling at the sides.
 
  “He was a demanding guy. A strong man. He always told me to play to 
  
    my
  
   strengths, that the team needed to look up to me, that I needed to be as strong as I could be for my brothers and sisters on the bench.”
 
  Vi kneeling on the ice in her singular year at college, talking over strategy with her teammates with animated movements. Her teammates watch her, rapt, hanging onto her every word.
 
  “My family is a found one. I lost my parents young — I barely remember them. Illness from the runoff. There were a lot of us back then who drank poisoned water and suffered for it. I hated Piltover for that, I think. We all kind of did. But Vander — he took us in, fostered us. He loved hockey so much, and I wanted to have something in common with him, so I—”
 
  Vi is on camera, sitting in a stool, fresh from practice — sweat staining her pink hair dark, grime clinging to the small lines on her neck.
 
  “I guess I threw myself into it.”
 
  “When I heard I was going to have Vi as a captain,” Poppy says, legs dangling from the stool, “I was so excited. Here was this amazing defensive forward, everything I ever wanted to be.”
 
  “Same goes,” Thresh says, gesturing animatedly beside Poppy, “I mean, were — Poppy and I dont exactly have an extensive bag of tricks.”
 
  “Ive got like one move,” Poppy admits, “and its just basic stick handling, really.”
 
  “But Vi — Vi made a career out of not scoring, but forcing 
  
    others
  
   not to score. She carved a little area out in the modern RHL and said to scouts and general managers, hey, theres a real need for people out here who can play shutdown defense.”
 
  “Vi doesnt talk the talk,” Leona says, “I mean, she does — dont get me wrong. But she believes every word she says. She doesnt sugarcoat anything, she keeps it as one hundred as she can, and you know that she loves you, shell go to the wall for you.”
 
  A Shadow Isles player hacking at Poppys leg, followed by Vi hammering him into the boards in retaliation, the two of them throwing their gloves aside and engaging in a rabid, vicious fistfight that Vi quickly gains the upper hand in, and doesnt relinquish until the Assassins player hits the ice.
 
  “We wanted two captains from the beginning,” Sevika says, arms folded, a golf shirt on her torso, glare fixed unblinking into the camera, “contrary to what youll be told. The goal from the very first meeting between Mel and I was to get Kiramman and Wickett and elect them both to captain. This doesnt work without both of them — you need the sparkplug captain in Wickett, and you need the on—ice presence of Kiramman. Wickett tells you its going great, and Kiramman shows you. I cant talk about one without the other.”
 
  Subtitles appear as the interviewer speaks: 
  
    Coach, we need you to talk about Wickett.
  
 
  “I cant talk about one without the other,” Sevika repeats, still glaring.
 
  More subtitles: 
  
    Can we do another take, this time with you smiling?
  
 
  “I 
  
    am
  
   smiling,” Sevika growls.
 
  As the screen fades to black, words — white on black — appear.
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  November Part Two: Dailies
 
  
    Great teamwork is the only way we create the breakthroughs that define our careers.
  
 
  —Pat Riley






  It was a colossally bad idea. Vi knew that.
 
  Despite what her reputation would say, Vi was fully aware that showing up at Caitlyns house unannounced when she clearly had some form of company was an awful idea. It was around Harvestday, for one, which meant that Caitlyn was probably entertaining someone serious in her life, though she hadnt mentioned whom. The fancy BMW SUV that was parked next to her plain grey Toyota told her as much. 
 
  Caitlyn hadnt exactly 
  
    mentioned
  
   having a relationship that was serious enough for a Harvestday meal, but Vi wasnt around her all the time. She had plenty of opportunities to sow some wild oats.
 
  For two, going to Caitlyn like this was just… a bad idea. It confused things. For herself more than most.
 
  Ever since telling Caitlyn that she was backing off, ever since ending the… more physical side of their relationship, Vi had been… a bit listless. It had been her idea, but losing the most constant source of sex in her life — over decades — had entitled her to an adjustment period where she felt bored, dragging her sorry ass to the gym and back, morning and night skates with Caitlyn to work on her conditioning since shed gotten a late start to the season. And Caitlyn accompanied her to film sessions, too, it was just…
 
  Whatever. They were friends. Vi was the one with difficulty deleting the with benefits from their biography. Shed get over it.
 
  The thing was, though — Caitlyn also seemed to 
  
    get it
  
  , without having to be told. When Caitlyn had dragged her to the equipment room to do nothing but hold her, it was like Caitlyn had known something had happened, had figured out the way to fix it.
 
  If only for a moment.
 
  Vi tugged on her beanie as she sat in her car across the street from Caitlyns house, feeling like the worst type of stalker — a stalker with a crush. Powders poisonous words floated around her head, in and out like the tide crashing on her brain, keeping her distracted, hazy, conflicted.
 
  Caitlyn had soothed it in her, and, like a fucking dog, Vi came crawling on her belly to the place she knew shed find comfort, a port in a storm.
 
  Vi tugged the beanie tighter, glared at her reflection. She was dressed in flannel and board shorts, the flannel a nod to the chill in the November air, the board shorts because that was what was on her floor this morning when she rolled out of bed. Shed been too late to catch Caitlyn at her morning skate, a habit that she was trying to cultivate. It was nice to have company when she was stretching her legs and working on her individual drills, though she admitted that Caitlyn tended to go a little harder than her.
 
  Caitlyns drive to improve was truly impressive, bordering on obsessive. Vi had learned throughout her career that the really, really good players had an obsessive streak, a perfectionism that ran to their bloodstream and churned through them. The way Caitlyn set up specific drills and completed them until she was satisfied was nothing short of inspiring.
 
  And, she could admit, attractive.
 
  Very, very hot.
 
  Vi sat in the car for a few moments longer, watching the way that the lights inside danced over the frosted front lawn. Caitlyn had bought these frilly little curtains that swayed gently, and the living room had artwork on the walls — a concession that most hockey players didnt leap to unless they had a no—trade clause that guaranteed their safety from abruptly moving.
 
  Caitlyn emerged from the front door suddenly, and Vi had the incredibly stupid instinct to fling her seat back to hide. Even as she realised that this would never work, that her car was super recognizable — that 
  
    Caitlyn had been in her car
  
   — the scuff of Caitlyns shoes were rasping against the driveway, a 
  
    beep—beep
  
   of the SUVs trunk opening via the keys in Caitlyns hand.
 
  Vi peeked over the door to the window, and saw Caitlyn grabbing a basket of something from the trunk, shaking her head down at it before she reached up to close the hatch trunk with her free hand. The motion had her twisting her body, so that for a second, she was facing Caitlyn — dressed in jeans and a dark red blouse that ran up the side of her shirt.
 
  Caitlyn cocked her head at Vis car, and Vi, stupidly, idiotically, jerked backwards again.
 
  There was a hesitance before the shoes began scuffing against the pavement again, Caitlyn crossing the road towards where Vi was parked, and suddenly Caitlyns face — a familiar face, a face that Vi had seen with all kinds of expressions, from grim determination to blissed out sleep — filled her passenger side window.
 
  “Vi?” Caitlyn said, confused, and Vi yanked the lever to shoot her chair back up, overcorrecting and folding it too far forwards so that she leaned nearly over the steering wheel.
 
  “Uh, hey, Caitlyn,” Vi muttered, struggling to straighten the chair as Caitlyn chuckled lightly, looking down the dark street for a moment.
 
  “What are you doing here?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  It was a good question, really. What indeed, was Vi doing parked outside the golden lights of Caitlyns home, when Caitlyn had company over and smelled faintly of potpourri and turkey?
 
  She certainly couldnt say that Harvestday made her think of her family — or lack thereof, if Powders snarled voice were to be believed — and that Caitlyn was probably the only person in Zaun that she was remotely close to, had a twisted kind of history with.
 
  “Um,” Vi said, then drummed her fingers against the steering wheel, “I guess I was going to see if you wanted to watch… tape.”
 
  Caitlyns eyebrows raised at that, and she glanced behind her to the front door of her home, then slowly back to Vi.
 
  “Here?” she asked.
 
  Vi shrugged. “Or my place,” she said, deciding to go with this ridiculous lie where she needed to come over to Caitlyns house when they had things like 
  
    phones
  
   and 
  
    text messaging
  
  .
 
  “It 
  
    would
  
   be more comfortable than the meeting room,” Caitlyn mused, apparently deciding to play along with this objectively stupid line of reasoning, “but I cant tonight — my parents are in town, a little Harvestday celebration.”
 
  “Caitlyn,” called a man with dark blue hair, greying at the temples, and horn rimmed glasses. He was stationed just inside the front door, peering on tiptoes to see who his 
  
    daughter
  
   apparently was talking to.
 
  “We thought we lost you,” he called in a booming voice, before adding, “whos that?”
 
  Caitlyn leaned away from the car, exposing Vi to the streetlamps glow, making her wince as she raised a hand in a two fingered wave. “Its Vi, dad,” Caitlyn called back, “she dropped by to invite me to watch a film.”
 
  “Oh,” Mr. Kiramman said, “well, theres plenty of room!”
 
  Vis gaze darted back to Caitlyns, but all she could see was her collarbone, the coupe sitting too low and Caitlyn too tall for her to catch her facial expression, see how being invited inside by Caitlyns parents sat with her.
 
  “Give us a second, dad,” Caitlyn called back, and then leaned down again, her expression neutral as she watched Vis eyes.
 
  “Want some turkey?” she asked, and smirked.
 
  Vi choked. “You have to be joking. With your parents?”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged one shoulder. “Theyve been curious to meet my teammates. Weve talked about you some tonight.”
 
  “You 
  
    have
  
  ?” Vi asked, incredulous, “Do they know that we—”
 
  “
  
    No
  
  ,” Caitlyn hissed, surprised, “no, of course not. Just that were captains together, and youre teaching me the ropes of leadership. That kind of thing.”
 
  Vi drummed her fingers on the wheel again, glancing between the front door, Caitlyns face, and her ignition. Caitlyn was patient, her demeanour like someone trying to coax a cat out.
 
  “Come on. Ive missed you this week,” added Caitlyn, “youre good company.”
 
  Vi exhaled, and pulled her keys out of the ignition, reached behind her to grab a spare pair of jeans from the trunk.
 
  “Better be dark meat left,” she mumbled, and Caitlyn tapped the door, slid her head back out, and walked back towards the house. Vis eyes trailed down Caitlyns back as she moved, and Vi rolled her eyes at herself and followed.
  
  “What are you playing at?” Vi called up the stairs. Powder was leaning back in a seat, feet kicked up on the chair in front of her, her thumb and fingers making a square as she looked at the rink. Sumprats were filing in, warming up on the ice, shooting a few clappers before loosening up.
 
  “Hello, Vi,” Powder called back, not even sparing her older sister a glance, “its so nice to see you. How 
  
    have
  
   you been.”
 
  “Dont play games, Pow—der,” Vi sniped, tripping over the familiarity of the nickname, “you couldnt wait to get rid of me last we talked. Now youre shooting a doc of my team? What gives?”
 
  “Im a storyteller, Vi,” Powder said, trailing the square she looked through down until it was centred on Vi, “I tell stories. The Sumprats are a great story.”
 
  “You hate hockey,” Vi said.
 
  “You lack imagination. The Sumprats isnt a story about hockey. Its a story of heartbreak! Betrayal! Its a story about thinking you can triumph and falling tragically short.”
 
  Vi bristled. “You dont think we can do it?”
 
  Powder laughed, kicking her combat boots into the air before leaping to her feet. She swung from seat to seat, weaving her torso in wide swoops as she moved, like a monkey on vines with her feet flat on the floor.  “Whether you guys do it or not isnt in the scope of the doc — though, the thirsty gays on twitter seem to disagree.”
 
  Vi raised an eyebrow as Powder soldiered on; “You know, if I wanted to pick the most 
  
    intriguing
  
   storyline in this whole thing so far, itd be why a team mascot is named Grapes when shes a Sumprat. That doesnt seem to make any sense to me whatsoever. Do you know who I could ask about that? That could burn an hour of footage.”
 
  “Didnt you have to disclose that were family?” Vi asked, “Isnt this a conflict of interest?”
 
  Powder suddenly leapt forwards, slamming into the bars to stare down at Vi, a smirk twisting her lips, the light cast from the safety strips that ran across the floor in case of a power loss casting her pale skin in sallow yellows, sickly hues. Her pale blue eyes glared downwards, and for that long, stretched out moment, Vi didnt see her sister staring out of a broken screen door while she skated around a homemade rink in the backyard, didnt see her sister quietly working on a camera while Vi iced her knuckles and a deep, drunken snoring rattled their door from the living room, didnt see Powders face when Vi packed a hockey bag and left Zaun, turning on her heel as Vander stared at her and walking off of his property for the last time.
 
  Instead, she saw bitterness. 
  
    Hatred
  
  .
 
  “I dont 
  
    have
  
   any family,” Powder snarled, and Vi took a step back, eyes wide, stomach dropping as the door to the hallway burst open, and Caitlyn was suddenly there, eyes cool with anger as she looked at Vi, looked at Powder, her voice clipped, a little growly.
 
  “Hey, Vi?” Caitlyn called.
  
  “Nice to meet you, Violet,” said Mrs. Kiramman, a cool looking woman with sharp features and eyes that were lighter, a little more piercing than her daughters. Mr. Kiramman (who insisted Vi call him Tobias) had a shock of grey and white at his temples, his eyes a lot closer to Caitlyns in tint. Both sat with a regal grace that made Vi close her legs a little more, worried about the rudeness of keeping her knees further apart.
 
  Vi had changed into her pants in the little half—bath that Caitlyn had just off her entryway, buttoned her flannel all the way to the top. For a second she considered removing her piercings, but that crossed the line of 
  
    trying too hard
  
   for a casual meeting of her good buddys parents for the first time. Her co—captain. Her road spouse.
 
  Her ex—lover.
 
  “You as well,” Vi said, and Caitlyn sat at the head of the four—seater table, the spread in front of them delicious smelling and 
  
    vast
  
  . A whole Harvestday feast looking perfect. Vi wondered where theyd ordered from.
 
  Caitlyn folded her hands in front of her on Vis left, and 
  
    Tobias
  
   smiled at her warmly from across the table. Mrs. Kiramman nodded in satisfaction, eyes lingering on the tattoos on Vis neck, the callouses on her hands.
 
  Vi fought to keep her scowl at bay and laid her hands on her thighs beneath the table, abruptly realising that all three of them were looking at her.
 
  “Well,” Caitlyn said, picking up a wine glass and sipping, “I didnt wake up at six this morning to start cooking to stare. Everyone dig in.”
 
  Vi stared at her, mouth a little agape. “You 
  
    cooked
  
   this?”
 
  Caitlyn smirked. “Surprising?”
 
  “Yeah, for sure,” Vi said, accepting a bowl from Mrs. Kiramman and helping herself to some dressing, “I dont know many skaters who can cook.”
 
  “Caitlyn always had a head for it,” Tobias chuckled, “ever since she was small, she wanted to help in the kitchen. I always say if this whole hockey phase ever ends, she can get a chef position easily.”
 
  Vi snorted at the idea of Caitlyn having a hockey phase, even as Caitlyn rolled her eyes good naturedly. “Did you skate this morning?” Vi asked.
 
  Caitlyn met her eyes steadily, lifting a shoulder. “Took a break for family. Plus, its harder to morning skate alone.”
 
  Mrs. Kiramman frowned. “I thought you always skated alone.”
 
  Caitlyn glanced at Vi before addressing her mom. “Vi and I have taken to skating together most mornings. It allows us some time to talk about the team.”
 
  “Mm,” Mrs. Kiramman said to her plate, stabbing some salad with efficient fork movements, “how do you think the team is doing, Violet?”
 
  “Just Vi is fine,” Vi said, clearing her throat, “and were coming together. Its early still, and weve got a pretty good position in the conference, but a lot of teams went through roster shakeups and are trying to find out our identity.”
 
  Mrs. Kiramman swallowed, gestured towards Vi with her fork. “Caitlyn tells me that you think you can go all the way.”
 
  Vi raised an eyebrow at Caitlyn, who again, rolled her eyes. This side of Caitlyn — the exasperated by her parents Caitlyn — was a new one to Vi. It was… pretty cute.
 
  “I always think I can go all the way,” Vi replied. “Wouldnt play otherwise.”
 
  “So you want a — what do they say? A boat?”
 
  “Mother,” Caitlyn put in, surprise in her tone, “what 
  
    have
  
   you been reading?”
 
  “She listens to that Tayl and Jack podcast now,” Tobias said, as if dispensing hot gossip, “and shes been reading 
  
    articles
  
  .”
 
  “But thats why you play, yes? For a championship?”
 
  Vi finished chewing on her turkey — dark meat, the best of it — and swallowed before replying. “Thats the only thing that matters to me.”
 
  Mrs. Kiramman raised her eyebrows. “Not family, not girlfriends, money, cars?”
 
  “With respect, Mrs. Kiramman,” Vi began, “those are off season concerns. My focus from August until June is winning a ship with the team Im sitting with. Anything else has to take a back seat.”
 
  Mrs. Kiramman nodded, seemingly satisfied, and then smiled.
 
  “I noticed the car you have parked out front,” Tobias began, “its a sporty little number. Void made?”
 
  “You have a good eye,” Vi said, grinned, “yeah, it comes from The Void. Sometimes it still shushes me when I turn it on.”
 
  Tobias laughed — a deep and genuine one that made Caitlyn smile with warmth and fondness. Vis gaze cut to Mrs. Kiramman, who was looking at her husband with much the same expression. She got the full picture of a family unit — dinners just like this over the years, with hockey talk mixed with other interests, and felt a pang of longing.
 
  “What do you intend to do against the Shadow Isles Assassins?” Mrs. Kiramman said, putting a pin to the balloon of the moment.
 
  “Dear,” Tobias began, “must we talk business at the table?”
 
  “Its all very new to me,” Mrs. Kiramman said, “Im just trying to get a feel for it.”
 
  “Yes, darling,” Tobias said, “but were probably bothering them with it. They dont want to talk about hockey on their rare day off.”
 
  “I dont mind, Mr. Kiramman,” Vi said, and glanced at Caitlyn. “Do you?”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged. “Im fine with talking about the Assassins. Mother, why the interest in them specifically?”
 
  “Well, theyre the best team in the RHL, are they not?”
 
  Vi and Caitlyn looked at each other, and Caitlyn nodded her chin at Vi as the go—ahead, cutting her turkey.
 
  “Theyre the best scorers,” Vi said, “for sure. But the Knights are the most complete team weve faced — that Ive faced, honestly.”
 
  “Ever?” Mrs. Kiramman said, quirking a brow.
 
  “Ever,” Vi confirmed. “I wasnt skating for it so I cant tell you in—depth, but they have a lot of really good talent that are wearing the sweater this year.”
 
  “I was skating for it,” Caitlyn confirmed, “and theyre very tough. Their scoring line is nearly as good as the Assassins, and theyre 
  
    much
  
   better at defence.”
 
  “The popular theory around the articles,” Mrs. Kiramman said, “is that the Assassins dont need to defend so long as they can score a lot.”
 
  Caitlyn pointed her knife at Vi. “Thats why we have her.”
 
  Mrs. Kirammans blues locked onto Vi, and Vi met her gaze steadily, head slowly spinning. “Youre the secret weapon, are you?”
 
  “I dont know about that,” Vi said, “but Ive had to play against better than KaiSa. We also have a lot of defensive minded players on my squad. We can slow the bleeding enough to get our scorers involved.”
 
  “So you think the articles are wrong,” Mrs. Kiramman continued, “and that you have enough scoring to beat them.”
 
  Vis hand wobbled in the air in a 
  
    so—so
  
   gesture. “We have a 
  
    better
  
   scorer than they do in Caitlyn, but I think if you look at our roster, we have maybe 3 pure scorers if were being very generous.”
 
  Mrs. Kiramman nodded. “Youre not one of the three.”
 
  “Not my specialty, no.” Vi replied. “Im more the girl who puts up a roadblock to slow the cars down.”
 
  “Youre better than youre given credit for,” Caitlyn pointed out, “you led the Ironfists for a few seasons there.”
 
  “Couldnt score when it mattered,” Vi said back, and shrugged her shoulders. “Ive made a career out of it. I dont consider it a flaw — it just means my game developed a little differently.”
 
  “A half inch to the left,” Caitlyn responded, “and youd have been moving on instead of us last year.”
 
  “Yep,” Vi said.
 
  Caitlyn waited a beat. “If you measure yourself by half inches as a failure, itd be quite hard to measure yourself as a success.”
 
  “You do,” Vi pointed out, “you dont miss.”
 
  “I missed plenty when a certain pink haired menace was always whacking my stick away.”
 
  Vi laughed at that, Caitlyn grinning back. After Vi finished chortling and turned back to her plate, Mrs. Kiramman touched her plaid sleeve, forcing her to look up and meet her eyes.
 
  “You can call me Cassandra, Vi,” Mrs. Kiramman said, voice soft, face shifting into something knowing and familiar that made Vi deeply, deeply uncomfortable.
 
  Vi nodded tightly, and finished her dark meat as Tobias wiped his bearded mouth with a napkin and cleared his throat.
 
  “Do you do much fishing, Vi?”
  
  “Hockey was just something I did for fun,” Claggor says, thumbs dancing in a slow circle with his hands clasped in his lap, “at first, anyways. I didnt even really 
  
    dream
  
   of it being a career — not really. I thought itd be cool — sure. I watched a lot of hockey growing up, and when playing on the rink or whatever, who didnt imagine?”
 
  The footage carries on into Claggors basement, where he stands in front of a wall full of eleven different jerseys framed in a glass picture frame each, with the name STOIC stencilled on the back in eleven different fonts. Each are for a different RHL team, with a little plaque dictating which years he played for each club.
 
  “This is the original Artifacts jersey, before the redesign,” Claggor points. “They were my first club, in the middle of their — I think second — rebuild. I was undrafted — their two rookies that year both had broken ankles in the same week, so they needed someone to ride the bench, and there I was.”
 
  The footage cuts to Claggor smiling and holding up a Void Stars jersey and smiling as he talks over it.
 
  “Im mostly expected to keep the tone light, and Im what youd call a locker room guy. If a team needs some toughness at the trade deadline, Im the guy whos going to get moved — usually to free up some salary cap room in order to take on a better skater in the summer.  I dont mind all that much.”
 
  Claggor is back in the interview room, pausing as he considers it. “Well, I do mind, kind of. Moving sucks.”
 
  Back in his basement, Claggor is pointing to an Ironfists jersey. “Thats when I met Vi for the first time. We had similar upbringings — I remember we both went to the same public school. She was smarter than I was — I had a hand in the shimmer gangs, did a few petty robberies. Thats where I learned to fight.”
 
  Claggor pauses, looking at the Ironfists jersey, trailing off as he runs a thumb down the frame of it. “Ironfists fans were some of the best — well, definitively the second best, now,” Claggor says, pointing out towards a window where the Zaun smog lingers in the skyline.
 
  “I like to think of hockey as life, but quickly,” Claggor is saying from his stool in the interview room, his glasses low on his nose, broad frame fit into a dress shirt and slacks, “everything happens fast. We skate fast, we fight fast, we score fast.”
 
  Footage playing of Claggor laying a big hit, taking a fight, scoring a wobbly goal. All in a Sumprats jersey.
 
  “We age fast, too. If youre in your thirties in the RHL, youre a dinosaur, youre looking at retirement. Or, youre an enforcer.”
 
  Claggor smiles, shows off five missing teeth around his smile, all victims from fists or hard hits or eating the crossbar in a bad check.
 
  “If you fight for a living in this league, ironically,” Claggor says, “you last longer. You play less minutes — that has a lot to do with it, only coming on the ice to settle things. But in that way, hockeys a little backwards.”
 
  Claggor glances to his left, and the footage spins in that direction to show him wrapping an arm around Ashe on the rink, talking in her ear. Shes nodding seriously, eyes stuck forwards as the A on Claggors chest stands proudly.
 
  “This is the first season Ive actually been worked into the rotation,” Claggor says, “and Im going to be thirty five this year. My body aches constantly, my knees click when I go down stairs, and I couldnt be happier.”
 
  He grins again, and the footage cuts to him grinning on the rink, raising his stick in celebration as the Sumprats mob him and the Last Drop Arena explodes with noise.
  
  “Join me outside, Vi?” Tobias asked after dinner was done and the dishes cleared — Caitlyn and Vi stationed at the sink, rinsing and loading the dishwasher as the Kirammans wiped the table and stowed the leftovers. There was a tupperware container that had Vis name on it in neat marker on a masking tape strip, written by 
  
    Cassandra
  
   as she smiled at the two women.
 
  “Youll need your strength against the best in the league this month,” shed said, and winked. The wink looked like it had to be forced, like there was tape stuck to her eyelid and she really had to 
  
    wrench
  
   it down.
 
  Caitlyns mom was weird.
 
  “Sure,” Vi said, rising from the couch. Caitlyn and her mom had been discussing some drama at Cassandras Eukre group — something that Caitlyn had seemed excited to learn about and Vi barely understood.
 
  As the two of them began to move towards the front door, Cassandra paused mid sentence to lean towards her husband.
 
  “If youre going to light up out there,” Cassandra said, “bring a —” she frowned, turning to Caitlyn.
 
  “Do you have scented candles?”
 
  “You and dad were coming,” Caitlyn replied, pointing to a side closet.
 
  “Bring a scented candle,” Cassandra said, pointing to the same side closet.
 
  Obediently, Tobias grabbed one of four scented candles and brought it with him to the front of the house, shrugging on an expensive looking light jacket. Vi followed, turning around to walk backwards to catch Caitlyns gaze and raise her eyebrows.
 
  Caitlyn smirked and waved before giving her mom her full attention.
 
  Tobias pulled a hand—rolled cigarette out of his jacket pocket, as well as a barbecue lighter, and paused as he fit the cigarette into his lips and raised his eyebrows at Vi.
 
  “Do you smoke weed?” he asked, and Vi almost cackled at how weird this whole family was.
 
  “Nah, you go ahead,” Vi replied, and Tobias shrugged, flicked the barbecue lighter on the joint, then held it to the wick to fill the front porch with the smell of cherries.
 
  “So,” Tobias said, exhaling smoke and blowing it away from Vis face. Vi took a seat on one of the wrought iron chairs on Caitlyns front porch, her hands in her jeans pockets as she looked up at him.
 
  “What are 
  
    you
  
   doing here?”
 
  Vis eyes widened, hesitant. “Caitlyn invited me.”
 
  “Yes,” Tobias said, with patience and gentleness, “she did, but why?”
 
  Vi didnt really have an answer for him, shrugged.
 
  “Let me rephrase,” Tobias said, taking a small pull on the joint, savouring the smoke before exhaling it lightly, “who are you to my daughter?”
 
  Vi froze at that, eyes locking on the older man as he stared out at the Zaun night, casually inhaling smoke and acting as if he wasnt giving Vi the 
  
    intentions
  
   speech. Vi noticed, belatedly, that hed positioned himself in front of the steps to the street level, meaning that Vis only escape easily would be to leap over the railing and flee.
 
  “Were co—captains,” Vi said, cautiously.
 
  Tobias nodded, drew on his joint, exhaled. “Is that 
  
    all
  
  ?”
 
  Vi nodded resolutely, keeping her eyes on Tobias profile. She watched him shrug, watched him finish the joint — jesus, hed beasted that — and stoop down to knock the cherry off of the roach, stamp it out. He pulled out a ziploc bag, tossed the roach inside it to match the other two already nestled inside, and took a seat in the second wrought iron chair across from Vi, exhaling slowly, easily.
 
  “Its a nice night,” Tobias said, pleasantly, “Im always surprised how cold it gets here.”
 
  Vi hesitated. “Youve been before?”
 
  “To Zaun?” Tobias asked, and when Vi nodded, he continued, “oh yes. All the time. Cassandra had an old girlfriend who lived here and wed visit every four months, like clockwork. Caitlyns heard a lot about it from her stories — we had to stop coming when we had her. Caitlyn says shes looking forward to 
  
    seasons
  
  .”
 
  Vi snorted. “Try saying that when were hip deep in a Zaun winter.”
 
  Tobias pointed at her. “Exactly. But shes tough — shell soldier through. Honestly, I never knew how much of a good fit Piltover was for her. Caitlyns never been all that comfortable with the social elite side of things.”
 
  Vi nodded, staring out into the crisp Zaun air, her face and neck cooling from the embarrassment of being asked 
  
    what are you to my daughter
  
  .
 
  To Tobias credit, he hadnt shown visible relief.
 
  “I get that,” Vi said, turning back to him, “I mean. I can see that on her. She seems a little… unsure sometimes.”
 
  “Shes wickedly smart,” Tobias said, with pride, “though I think it gets in its own way sometimes. Im glad that she has someone like you to watch out for her.”
 
  Vi nodded resolutely. “We watch out for each other, really.”
 
  Tobias nodded, leaned back against the wrought iron chair, looked up at the roof of the porch.
 
  “You were on the plane, on the ride in,” Tobias began, “on the in—flight screens. You and my daughter in hockey gear. You made her laugh.”
 
  Vi nodded. “They have us doing this advertising campaign to help boost ticket sales and merch.”
 
  Tobias nodded. “Ah, so the laugh was scripted. Acting.”
 
  Vi smiled. “Women of many talents.”
 
  “Mm.” Tobias agreed, still staring at the roof of the porch. Vi craned her neck to see what he was looking at, saw nothing of interest. She wondered what sort of conversation Caitlyn was having indoors — if this was a common thing in her family, to have these sorts of non—sequitur conversations while half of the people involved stared at the ceiling and made agreeable noises.
 
  “I guess shes improved,” Tobias said, his gaze sliding to Vis in a way that made her miss the ceiling contemplation, “since my daughter has never been much of an actress.”
 
  Vi drummed her thumbs against her thigh.
 
  “Take care of her, Vi.” Tobias said.
 
  “I will.”
 
  “Take 
  
    care
  
   of her, Vi.” Tobias repeated, expression firm.
 
  Vi nodded once, matching his firmness, the sudden seriousness of the moment.
 
  “I will.”
  
  The screen is black, and theres rustling, shifting of fabric against microphone. Subtitles appear in the darkness, tinged a different colour for each speaker as their voice floats over the rustling. It sounds as though only one of the speakers is micd, the other three voices are floating in and out as they move.
 
  DIANA: So did you ask her?
 
  POPPY: Ask her what — if shes shtupping Kiramman? No, I didnt ask her.
 
  DIANA: Coward.
 
  POPPY: I didnt know if it was a secret, or what.
 
  THRESH: Pretty badly kept secret considering what happened at the game the other night.
 
  LEONA: I think its a bit uncharitable to assume that it was sexual.
 
  DIANA: Lee, come on. Seriously — what else could have happened?
 
  THRESH: Actually, I agree. I dont think it was sexual — they werent gone that long.
 
  POPPY: They were gone long 
  
    enough
  
  , Id argue.
 
  The screen suddenly comes to life, and a film set is shown, bodies milling in and out as a film crew sets up around a Zaun Sumprats set, the dressing red and black, with a big paper doorway of Grapes the Sumprat freshly ripped. The crew is replacing the ripped version for a non—ripped one, cleaning the ice for another take.
 
  Through the crush of bodies and milling silhouettes, Thresh, Poppy and Diana all stand near Leona, whos sitting in a casting chair with a bottle of water in her hand. She has a lapel mic on. All four players are dressed in an exaggerated version of the Sumprats jersey, minor makeup and hair products done so that they stand out.
 
  “So it wasnt sexual,” Diana says, “that at least says theyre 
  
    close
  
  .”
 
  Leona hesitates, then nods. “Okay, yeah. It definitely seems familiar.”
 
  Poppys eyes widen. “Familiar?”
 
  Diana smirks, then jerks her head towards Leona. “We first kissed in an equipment room during a game.”
 
  “Pre—season game,” Leona is quick to clarify, “no stakes whatsoever.”
 
  “Thats hot,” Poppy mumbles, before adding on, “I still think you guys are cowards for not answering the who wheeled who question.”
 
  “I think Caitlyn did the wheeling,” Thresh puts in, and Poppy and Diana grinned at him widely as Leona looks off to the side, drinking her water, seeming lost in thought.
 
  “We cant talk about this here,” Leona says suddenly, standing, her voice hushed.
 
  “Why not?” Poppy asks.
 
  “Because,” Leona hisses, “if theyre 
  
    hiding
  
   it, then we need to help.”
 
  Dianas brow furrows. “Dont we need to know if theres anything 
  
    to
  
   hide?”
 
  “Thresh,” Leona begins, “has Caitlyn or Vi ever given you the impression verbally that theyre together?”
 
  Thresh shakes his head, and Leona looks at Poppy, who shakes hers. When Leona looks at her wife, Diana rolls her eyes.
 
  “Okay, point taken. But if were pretty sure theyre together and theyre not saying anything, what do we do to hide it?”
 
  “We can start by not talking about it on a commercial shoot,” Leona says, “where anyone could hear us.”
 
  Leona freezes, suddenly jerking her chin down at her lapel mic, and swivels her head up to look around. She locks eyes with the screen, glaring right to the viewer for a moment suspended in time.
 
  “Hey!” Leona barks, and the screen suddenly whirls, a blue braid flashing as a voice, high and choked with laughter, comes through in a different sounding microphone — more ambient noise, far less clean.
 
  “Lux, get that audio. Get that audio!”
 
  The screen goes black.
  
  Tobias and Cassandra were standing at the front door, coats on, smiling warmly. For the past fifteen minutes there had been a layered discussion underneath the one 
  
    actually 
  
  going on, to Vis mind — lots of Caitlyn and her mother sharing pointed looks as Caitlyn insisted that she had a guest bedroom and her parents could just crash here, and Cassandra and Tobias politely declining with reasons such as their early start and their need to sightsee.
 
  When Caitlyn pointed out that she routinely woke up at dawn to skate and she could drive them to the sightseeing, Cassandra countered with the fact that the hotel was already booked and itd be a simple matter to stay out of Caitlyns hair. Tobias, meanwhile, asked Vi what 
  
    her
  
   morning routine usually was.
 
  “Um,” Vi had said, “normally we skate together. Weve made a habit of it this season.”
 
  “Its just for exercise,” Caitlyn said quickly, her eyes boring holes into her mother, “Vi got a late start this season due to injury, so—”
 
  “Well, we wouldnt want to be woken up to that,” Cassandra said breezily.
 
  “You just said that youd want to wake up early,” Caitlyn pointed out.
 
  “Mm. Come along, Tobias,” Cassandra said, and turned towards the door. “Caitlyn, darling, thank you so much for inviting us. It was wonderful.”
 
  “And we have leftovers,” Tobias said, holding up the tupperware as they whisked out the door, closing it behind them, leaving silence and a windblown looking Caitlyn standing across the living room from a quietly anxious Vi.
 
  After a few beats of silence while the SUV outside started up, Caitlyn sighed and sank back into the couch cushions, letting her head fall back against the pillows as she reached a hand up to rub at her face gently. Vi mirrored her position on the love seat, staring up at the popcorn spackled ceiling, tracing the patterns and shapes in it. At one point she swore she could see perfectly outlined boobs, and she let her eyes absorb the shape and trace it slowly, carefully.
 
  “Im sorry about them,” Caitlyn said, and Vi didnt stop tracing the titties, shrugging in a flailing, arm—flopping way.
 
  “Im sorry about this week,” Vi returned. She heard the rustle of couch cushions as Caitlyn lifted her head, feeling her eyes on Vis face.
 
  “Its okay,” Caitlyn said, “youre allowed to be distant. I was.”
 
  Vi, too, lifted her head, saw that Caitlyns eyes were soft, searching. They met, accompanied by soft smiles, and something just… clicked into place, the easy camaraderie, the knowledge that of all the people in Runeterra, this woman seemed to know her the best.
 
  “I thought it sucked when you were distant,” Vi said, shifting so that she was cross—legged, “so I dont think it actually 
  
    is
  
   okay. You can forgive me if you want, but I shouldnt have ghosted you.”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, nodded. “Youre forgiven,” she responded, “do you forgive me for ghosting 
  
    you
  
  ?”
 
  “Yep,” Vi said idly, picking at a loose thread on her jeans. Caitlyn smiled wider and Vi shot her a grin, rolling her shoulder.
 
  “I — at one point,” Vi started, “we should maybe talk about the whys of that. You know — for the good of the season, and all.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, reluctant and hesitant. “Mine isnt really a fun story.”
 
  “No,” Vi murmured, “I doubt it is. Mine isnt, either.”
 
  Caitlyn grimaced. “Probably should have this conversation when were not digesting a huge amount of food.”
 
  “I had no idea you could cook,” Vi said, grabbing the lifeline and tugging herself along it furiously, desperate to leave the murky waters of childhood and past traumas and all the little cracks in the armour that made them who they were, “why didnt I know that?”
 
  Caitlyn smirked. “We were too busy to stop for food.”
 
  “Says you. Im never too busy for a good meal. I might have to mooch off of you more often.”
 
  “Id love that,” Caitlyn challenged.
 
  Vi grinned, pressed her head back to the love seat, looking for the titties in the ceiling again, finding them lazily, tracing them with her eyes.
 
  “Youre right about the food,” Vi said, and her voice sounded far away. She weighed her words as she said them, a runaway train exploding from the tunnel of her throat and charging across the distance between them.
 
  She managed a half measure, a few degrees away from 
  
    can I stay over
  
  , an overture.
 
  “Im so tired and bloated. The turkey was amazing — my sincerest compliments to the chef.”
 
  “What are you looking at?” Caitlyn asked, amused.
 
  Vi pointed. “You have tits on your ceiling.”
 
  After a moment, Caitlyn crossed over to the love seat, mirrored Vis pose so that they were shoulder to shoulder, heads tilted back and staring at the popcorn ceiling. Caitlyn shifted her head so that her shoulder brushed against Vis, her side gently pressing against Vis ribs as she followed the pointed finger, let out a little chuckle.
 
  “They 
  
    do
  
   look like breasts.”
 
  “Mhm,” Vi responded, groggily. She let her hand flop back to the loveseat, brushing Caitlyns thigh, and moved it a fraction closer, just far enough so she could feel the warmth of the taller womans skin.
 
  The two sat side by side, and Vi searched for the words that could maybe push the hint a little further.
 
  Instead, Caitlyn met her halfway.
 
  “If youre too tired to drive,” Caitlyn began, “you can always crash in the guest bedroom. I had it set up for my parents anyway — we can get to morning skate easier, then.”
 
  Vi smiled at the ceiling tits. “Thatd be amazing.”
 
  “Theres pyjamas in the dresser and I have an extra toothbrush set out in the bathroom — help yourself.”
 
  “Thanks, Cait.”
 
  Caitlyn made a humming sound in response.
 
  They would move in a moment — a mutual decision. For now, they sat in each others company, staring at the pair of naked breasts in the popcorn spackled ceiling, listening to each other breathe, listening to each other think.
  
  An animation of twitter appears on screen, at @
  SharkAtSunrise
  s account. Text appears as if being typed in live, white on black:
 
  Ok so Im not a Sumprats fan usually but these two… i just had to make something #WickMan #RHLesbians #Humprats
 
  Following the text is a fifteen minute video compiling every interaction that Caitlyn and Vi have had in the season — starting with the hug in the tunnel of their first game, including random sightings of them driving together, walking together outside of a diner, media scrums where they stand next to each other and look at each other speak. One particular edit has the camera slowly zooming in on Vis face as she stares up at Caitlyns while she answers a question, backwards ballcap pushing her pink hair forwards and tilted upwards.
 
  The tweet reaches close to thirteen thousand likes — animated like a ticker rolling upwards. Tweets are animated in a similar style, typed out as if they were live on a keyboard, as user after user interacts with the post.
 
  @
  free_licks

  Love is real :sob:
 
  @
  Oliveoil

  your honor this is lesbian activity i will accept nothing else
 
  @
  medicawolfmoan

  vis face at 9:31 — BARK BARK GRR BARK BARK
 
  @
  sarcast&amp;crew

  If youd told me this morning Id watch a 15 minute RHL video about two players Ive never seen before id have spat in your coffee. Now im seeing if i have the RHL on my squawk box
 
  @
  WilderThanThis_Gay

  ive known since that commercial that there was something here — this season is gonna be good for me
 
  @
  JJ_TheJetplane

  caitlyns voice — god help me im gay
 
  @
  kenpocalypse

  any time any place rain sleet hail snow cars apocalypse firestorms
 
  @
  ktdidit

  @ViWicket6 score some fucking goals next game eh?????
  
  The Sumprats were on a four game win streak when Noxus came to town, on a tidy little three win streak of their own. Both clubs remembered what happened last time the puck dropped between them, a 6—3 dusting at the hands of the War Horses. The War Horses were regarding the Sumprats with a caution that only served to bolster the Sumprats confidence, the continued theme of the RHL learning to respect their name making them skate with their chests puffed out, swagger in every movement.
 
  But the War Horses still had more firepower, more scoring potential.
 
  The Sumprats, Vi thought, had her.
 
  At warmups, Vi skated up to Akali as she was stretching, easy and friendly smile fixed in place. Akali regarded her with a slight wariness, brow furrowed, eyes flashing.
 
  In another timeline, if the Lone Stars had been just a little better the season they got the number one pick and selected Caitlyn, Akali wouldve been her rival. Both of their first big playoff moments came against one another — Vi being played against Akali most of the series, being her shadow. Vi was a better scorer than Akali was a defender, and at that point — with the spectre of age far from clinging to their bones — Vi had been able to handle Akalis offensive bag of tricks.
 
  The War Horses had won the cup, and the only team that had given them any sort of trouble had been the Vironfists.
 
  Akali had gotten a lot better since, and so had Vi, though Akalis talents were still impressive, even among her peers. They played against one another in the season, but hadnt had the privilege of matching up again — not when the Lone Stars were always waiting for the Ironfists as soon as the post—season began.
 
  “Hey,” Vi said, tapping Akalis skate with her stick, “good to see you.”
 
  “You too,” Akali said, warmly, “its so good to see you lace them up. The Show was boring without ya.”
 
  “Oh I can bring the intrigue,” Vi laughed, and then sobered lightly, moving slightly so they were side by side, Vi hunched over with her stick across her knees. 
 
  “No circus hockey tonight,” Vi said quietly, “Im going to be in your pocket, and Im going to play you like its game seven.”
 
  Akali raised an eyebrow. “You want to burn your jets this soon after getting back?”
 
  Vi watched Caitlyn skating towards Graves, tapping his post as she flew by. Graves didnt like to be talked to, but hed taken a liking to Caitlyn giving his post a smack, said that it provided luck. Hed said that, and then let rip a massive belch and grinned.
 
  Goalies were weird.
 
  “Just want to see if you can handle it,” Vi said, glancing at Akali, “we all know that Ahri was the real skill on the Horses.”
 
  Akali rolled her eyes. “You can do better than that pisswater chirp.”
 
  “Be ready,” Vi warned, and skated back to catch up with Caitlyn.
 
  “Statement time,” Vi said, and Caitlyn nodded, rotated her stick once by the end, let it slap the ice as she began her little routine, skating back and forth across centre ice, Claggor never far behind.
 
  “Were going to clock them,” Sevika had said, “were going to come out in the first period and let them know that we play physical, we play strong. Were going to make them battle us in the corners and make them outskate us.”
 
  “Keep to your assignments,” Viktor had continued, “weve matched you each to a skater. Dont let them run you ripshod.”
 
  When the puck dropped, with Hot Girl Shit on the ice, the first thing that Vi did was tangle Akali up with her stick as the puck came close, twist the two of them around. Akali tried to break free to scoop the puck up, and the second she touched it, Vi slammed her shoulder into Akali and sent her crashing against the boards, shuffling the puck out to Ashe as the play began.
 
  Ashe dumped it in the corner on Akalis side, and Akali chased, Vi hot on her heels. As soon as Akali came up with it, Vi was battering her again, lifting her into the air with her body and forcing her to half—pirouette as she went crashing into the glass. Their sticks clashed together in a fierce battle, Vi coming up with it and sending a rocket to Caitlyn as she took off down the ice to start the rush.
 
  “Told you,” Vi said to Akali, and took off after the play, the War Horses skater not far behind.
 
  The Sumprats played physical, bruising hockey — tattooing the boards with War Horses colours, each rattling hit punctuated by a roar of the crowd, screaming out the newest of their nicknames.
 
  The Thumprats.
 
  Illaoi absolutely dumpstered a War Horses player in the neutral zone, clapping the loose puck through Vis legs. Vi barely managed to control it as she flipped it towards the net, an ugly arcing shot that barely made it over blocker side. Immediately, she was grabbed by Caitlyn in a big hug as the goal horn sounded, Caitlyns grin lighting up her entire face as Vi shook her head at Illaoi.
 
  “I thought you were gonna lose it, Cap,” Illaoi called as she tapped Vis skate.
 
  “They dont pay me for my hands,” Vi said back.
 
  The War Horses tried to equalise, but every moment Vi was on the ice, she was terrorizing them. Shed poke the puck away and break up passes, hammer smaller skaters against the boards, muscle the puck to a teammate with a War Horse draped over her. Anytime Akali was on the ice, Vi was too — and Vi made her presence known.
 
  Akali hit the ice for the fourth time in the period as Vi straightened from her hip check, and the War Horses enforcer skated into her mug, hit her on the shoulder with a cross check.
 
  “Give me one,” the enforcer growled,  and Vi raised her eyebrows, tossed her stick away and shook off her gloves as the refs blew the whistle. It was Vis first fight of the season, and her and the enforcer skated close, each gripping the others jersey and circling slowly.
 
  The enforcer swung a wild punch that Vi dodged by pushing him away with his jersey, and then yanked him forwards as she swung, connecting with his cheek and nose in a devastating punch. He reeled and Vi skated closer, hitting him again so that his skate lashed out and he was sent to the ice, Vi holding him just long enough to break his fall before dropping him, skating away, and raising her arms.
 
  Zaun stood in the arena, and the applause was thunderous. Vi grinned, skating in a slow circle, pumping her arms as she demanded the volume increase, and increase it did — the glass above the boards rattling with the throaty war cries of a city.
 
  When Vi sat down in the box, Caitlyn skated after her, handing her her gloves and stick with a laugh.
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn intoned, taking on a serious, Ionian accent, mirth in her eyes, “is for 
  
    violence
  
  .”
 
  Vi cackled at the reference to her old gauntlet commercial, chucked one of the gloves back at Caitlyn, and then straightened as a few young female fans were gathered excitedly, staring at the two of them with wide eyes.
 
  Vis grin froze as she looked at Caitlyn, eyebrows lifted. Caitlyn met her gaze, shrugged, skated back to join the faceoff.
 
  Vi waved at the onlookers as she put her gloves on, rolled her neck, looked at the five minute timer. The young fans never left — standing in the aisles and filming her, making her shoot them a crooked smile now and again with a quizzical expression.
 
  Vi laughing while Caitlyn grinned would be the image on the very first post tagged #CaitVi on Twitter.
  
  Taking the fight was a tactical error, as with Vi in the box, the War Horses started to pick up a little more steam. But seeing their Captain dummy an enforcer — a goon whose whole job was to win fights — allowed a burst of energy to rip through the Sumprats bench.
 
  Caitlyn scored off of a wobbly Mylo pass in the late first, ripping a slapshot past the tendie on their stick side, the rifle sound and the celebration erupting from the arena as Caitlyn bared her teeth and pat Mylos head. In the penalty box, Vi couldnt help but join in the rifle celebration enthusiastically, getting to her feet and pounding on the glass with the crowd.
 
  The War Horses tried to storm back, managing to get a flukey goal off of Graves skate and the post near the end of Vis sin bin sentence. But as soon as Vi was back on the ice, the War Horses offensive plays began to sputter and die, the passing more hesitant, cautious. In contrast, the Sumprats were seeking like missiles, hammering the War Horses again and again, pouncing on the puck, keeping the pressure on at the other end.
 
  The War Horses tendie — a tall and imposing woman named Rell — was the only thing keeping the score close, and she dove and danced, turning away chance after chance, playing so well even the rowdy Sumprat crowd couldnt help but admire when she robbed Vi with a flashing glove for the coverup, standing for polite golf applause as Vi tapped Rells pad in salute. She skated to the War Horse bench, jerked her thumb at the tendie.
 
  “Whered you find the brick wall?” she asked the Horses coach.
 
  “Shes the rook,” the coach replied, “playing out of her mind lately.”
 
  “Ill say,” Vi said, skating backwards as she watched Rell stand up, shake her neck out, preparing for the next assault.
 
  But even a hot goalie couldnt keep the energised Sumprats, smelling a 5 game win streak, at bay for long. Illaoi took the feed from Caitlyn and wound up, unleashing a mortar shot that clacked off the post and thumped against Vis jersey, who gathered it, passed it around the net to Diana who tucked it barely past the diving Rells stick. With the goal horn sounding and Diana racing to celebrate, Vi checked the scoreboard, saw it 3—1 Sumprats.
 
  Akali was benched halfway through the third when it was clear the Sumprats had it in the bag, and Sevika sat Vi in turn, letting her rest her leg. She squirted water in her mouth and watched the action, content, feeling flushed but 
  
    good
  
  .
 
  “How are you feeling?” Caitlyn asked, touching her leg.
 
  Vi lifted her shoulder. “Sore, but good. Feels good to be back.”
 
  Caitlyn smiled. “Feels good to have you.”
 
  Them smiling at one another was the 
  
    second
  
   post tagged #CaitVi on twitter.
  
  “Before we get into the meat of the story,” Taylor began, “I just wanted to talk to you about your career up until this point, because its a fascinating story. Youve been covering the league for—”
 
  “Thirty years,” Teddy confirmed.
 
  “Thirty, wow. Lots of hockey.”
 
  “Lots of hockey.”
 
  “So you were here for the Grayson stuff, you were here for the Sevika stories, Zac versus Singed.”
 
  “I was covering it from back before Heimerdinger was the commissioner,” Teddy said, and grinned behind his microphone. “Im old, Taylor, Jack. Im old.” 
 
  The three were recording an episode of the Tayl and Jack podcast, with Spaghetti Teddy guest starring to talk about his career, his newfound team in the Sumprats, and the #CaitVi speculation that was sweeping the nation.
 
  “So walk us through this,” Jack said, “because this year has obviously been a massive shift for you in terms of your content.”
 
  “Yeah — I wouldnt say its massive, Jack, but definitely—”
 
  “A shift, though.”
 
  “Definitely a shift, yeah. Well, I think when I started my style was really acidic commentary, you know? Like, I really wanted to be the guy who didnt give a shit about how you saw me. I wanted to say fuck, and I wanted to talk hockey, and I found there was an audience for that.”
 
  “So you were a neutral party?” Taylor asked.
 
  “I tried to be. I mean, it was hard not to love the Lone Stars, of course, in the nineties. And I found that if you didnt pick Singed or Zac, you were kind of a pariah. Nobody cared what you said in the 2000s if you werent riding for one of them. But for the most part, I kept my eye on where Zaun players went, tried to watch them a little closer, but tried to watch everyone.”
 
  “What made you change?” Jack asked. “Youve been waving a flag for the Sumprats for a while now.”
 
  “Oh,” Teddy said, “easy question. The Sumprats came to town. I told myself that I would still be neutral Teddy throughout all of it, but man — theres nothing quite like a team coming to your city and calling themselves 
  
    your
  
   team, you know? I was an absolute goner.”
 
  “Its funny — and well get to the speculation in a second — but its funny how you had this career as this neutral, acidic third party, kind of going after everyone you felt deserved it, and now that you have a team in your city you have a leg up on the other sports journalists that are local because youve made so many contacts. Did your fans reject your change from neutral commentary to…”
 
  “Very biased commentary,” Jack said, and Taylor and Teddy laughed.
 
  “Honestly, no. I found Im more popular than ever — I think people are just so excited to have a team. Were fortunate in that the Sumprats arent bad — but even if they 
  
    were
  
   bad, I think people would show up anyways. I just happened to have a few more ears in the building, and Mel Medarda built a pretty good team.”
 
  Taylor nodded, flipped a page, and then wiggled her eyebrows.
 
  “So the speculation,” Taylor prompted, and Teddy grinned as Jack rolled his eyes. 
 
  “The speculation. Okay, let me start by saying that, as a fan of the Sumprats, I want none of this to be true, right? Anything that could fuck up our hot streak — ban it from existence. I really think we have a shot in our first year to do something great and I would throw my body in front of anything that throws that in jeopardy.”
 
  “But?” prompted Jack.
 
  “But, as a queer man — 
  
    God
  
   I want it to be true.”
 
  “Right?” Taylor said, excitedly, “God, as soon as that hashtag showed up, WickMan—”
 
  “Terrible hashtag, by the way,” Teddy jumped in, “but Im glad we settled on CaitVi.”
 
  “God it was such a dire hour when we had to ship them as WickMan. But yeah — someone this morning cut together an entire 15 minute clip of Caitlyn and Vi interactions, and help me, Jesus, am I gay.”
 
  “I really want to believe love is real,” prompted Jack, “and that God has answered our prayers and shes delivering us the ultimate rivals to lovers storyline in these two.”
 
  “Do you know anything, Teddy?” Taylor said, excitedly, “Any insider information?”
 
  “So,” Teddy said, “I know theyre making a doc on the season — by a company named GetJinxed. Theyve never done anything sports related before as far as I could tell. And I do need to warn everyone that it wouldnt be out of character for a documentary company to queerbait in order to sell DVDs.”
 
  “That said,” Taylor mused, “Id snatch that DVD up in a hot second.”
 
  “The 
  
    hottest
  
  ,” Teddy agreed, and grinned behind his microphone. “If CaitVi is real, and the doc shows it — Ill do unspeakable things to get an early copy, mark me.”
  
  “Where do I look,” Vi asks as Caitlyn sits on the stool next to her, flipping her dark hair over her shoulders with both hands, “at you, or at the camera?”
 
  Caitlyn glances down at her dress shirt, the lapel mic standing out — a black nub against her starched collar. The dress shirt sleeves are rolled up and bunched at her elbows, the shoulders a little baggy and loose. Vi, for her part, has a snapback on backwards and a muscle tank, the two making a stark contrast as Caitlyn reaches up to touch the lapel mic, and jerks her head upwards as someone not micd up says something.
 
  “Whats that?” Caitlyn asks, and then looks at the camera, pointing at it in question. Vi, too, points between a spot just behind the camera and the camera lens itself, her face scrunching in confusion.
 
  “Okay so — look at you,” Vi confirms. Caitlyn nods beside her as both of them rock a little — back and forth, getting comfortable on their stools. Vi deliberately jostles Caitlyn with her knee, making the taller woman shoot her an exasperated glance before trying to catch the attention of someone off camera.
 
  “Are we going to be together for the whole thing?” Caitlyn asks, “Because Im kind of getting sick of her.”
 
  Vi laughs and Caitlyn shoots her a grin.
  
  “Hi, Im Caitlyn Kiramman,” Caitlyn says to the camera.
 
  “And Im Vi Wickett,” Vi follows up.
 
  “And were…” Caitlyn begins, trailing off as she glances at Vi.
 
  “Captains,” Vi says.
 
  “Co—captains,” Caitlyn corrects, and Vi nods.
 
  “Co—captains of the first ever Zaun Sumprats.”
 
  “Well its — are there going to be more than one Zaun Sumprats?”
 
  Vi shrugs. “Whos to say.”
 
  “Were captains of the Sumprats, at any rate.”
  
  “Where were we when we got the news?” Vi repeats, as she was supposed to, for the benefit of the camera. Caitlyns watching her intently as Vi slowly slides her glance towards the woman seated beside her, hesitance on her features.
 
  “Well, I—” Caitlyn starts.
 
  “I was at… home,” Vi says, slowly, “in Ionia.”
 
  “Yes. And I was… also in Ionia, as it turned out. Doing a—”
 
  “Didnt you have a camp, or…?”
 
  “I believe it was a camp, yes. I was doing a camp in Ionia.”
 
  “Yeah. So we both actually came from Ionia directly to Zaun.”
 
  “Its a funny story, actually,” Caitlyn begins, “because I landed maybe fifteen minutes before Vi did. So when the car picked me up, it also picked up Vi.”
 
  “Yep. We shared a car ride over to the Arena.”
 
  “Thats actually,” Caitlyn says, touching Vis knee and quickly jerking her hand back, “the first time we shared a space together that wasnt a rink in…”
 
  Theres a beat of silence.
 
  “Ever, I think,” Vi says, sounding unsure.
 
  “Thats… yeah. Well, awards.”
 
  “Awards, yeah, all star games. But they dont count.”
 
  “Other than those… just that car, I think.”
 
  “Its crazy.”
 
  “And here we are,” Caitlyn says, beaming.
 
  “Yep. Here we are.”
 
  The two look back towards the camera, waiting for the next question, each of their eyes bright, shiny, face muscles twitching to suppress a grin.
  
  “Whats what?” Vi asks, frown carved into her features.
 
  Theres another beat of silence as someone behind the camera says something.
 
  “We dont — well, I dont use Twitter much,” Caitlyn says.
 
  “I havent checked it today — we had a game earlier,” Vi says.
 
  Someone steps forwards — blonde shoulder length hair out of focus with a black dress shirt and jeans as a pink sparkly phone is handed to the pair. Caitlyn accepts it and tilts it towards Vi, the two of their heads crowding together as they look at the screen.
 
  “What the fuck,” Vi says, jerking her gaze to the camera, a hand disappearing behind Caitlyn as Caitlyn leans closer to the phone.
 
  “CaitVi?” Caitlyn asks.
 
  “Are you fucking kidding me, Powder?” Vi snarls.
 
  “Theres a 
  
    video
  
  ?” Caitlyn asks, more incredulous.
 
  “Is this some fucking — what the 
  
    fuck
  
  ,” Vi barks, starting to stand, Caitlyn reaching out to grip Vis forearm as Vi is on her feet, stepped forwards, ever so slightly out of frame.
 
  From behind the camera, a voice, unmicd, speaks — subtitles appearing on screen.
 
  
    Twitter thinks youre dating.
  
 
  Caitlyn and Vi look at one another, and, comically, glance down towards the phone in Caitlyns hand.
 
  “Shit,” Vi mutters.
 



  
  Cassandras heels clicked along the marble slate, her hair done up in what Tobias had referred to as her 
  
    business 
  
   look — slicked down in a swoop across her brow, prominently displaying her streak of grey and icy eyes. She was dressed in her councilwoman best — all bronzes and coppers, a true elegant citizen of the City of Progress.
 
  Before, when shed worn the suit like battle armour and gone to a war of opinions against bureaucratic nonsense and an old way of thinking, shed hated her appearance sometimes. It was a display of what she fronted as, the person that the media and the voters saw — the person that theyd tossed their vote to, railed against, even thrown things at during a few times in her career. But she donned it so she could make a difference — and that had 
  
    mattered
  
  .
 
  Even if shed had to sacrifice along the way — even if shed had to turn her back on her daughters exciting career — in order to get it done.
 
  It was hard to consider it a mistake, in hindsight. Cassandra loved to see things in hindsight, practically lived there. Without her seat and vote, Zaun would likely still have water runoff that was uncomfortable at best and toxic at worst, Zaun wouldnt have been awarded the reparations act, and Zaun wouldve been far, far angrier at her city. Without her seat, the two towns and their relationship wouldve been forever destroyed.
 
  Without her seat, Cassandra thought, then her daughter wouldnt have been able to smile and laugh at a Zaunite — make 
  
    Vi
  
   laugh in return. She couldnt remember the last time that Caitlyn had grinned so largely that her gap appeared — not since the early days in the RHL where Caitlyn had been so excited to play for her favourite team, bright eyed and bushy tailed and eager to learn.
 
  Guilt gnawed at her, the echoes of words shed spoken to Caitlyn in her third year emerging from the creases of her brain.
 
  
    Kirammans do not quit, Caitlyn.
  
 
  Cassandra let loose a slow stream of air, and pushed the glass door labelled 
  
    AnOne Sports Agency
  
   open with a quiet creak, her facial expression a mask of steel and sharp edges in its reflection. She liked what she saw there.
 
  Amara had pushed this meeting twice since Caitlyn had told Cassandra that she was unrepresented, and she had a few 
  
    words
  
   for an agent that would let her daughter be vulnerable at a time like this.
 
  Amaras offices were sleek and well maintained, 
  
    AnOne Sports
  
   representing a vast variety of the talent across many sports leagues — including the RHL. Many famous athletes had sat across from Amara planning strategies on how to get the most lucrative deal from their front offices, a fact that Cassandra had weighed carefully in selecting Caitlyns representation. The choice had been down to 
  
    AnOne
  
   and an independent agent who was looking for a small client pool.
 
  The meeting with 
  
    AnOne
  
   had been a flashy affair, powerpoints fluttering across TV screens, merch, photos of famous hockey players smiling next to Amora herself. They had flashed numbers across the screen — zeroes flying by, private jets, boats, vacations in the sandy beaches of the Sunshine Islands.
 
  Elora had sat across from Cassandra and Caitlyn in their living room, looked fiercely into their eyes, and promised to devote every waking moment to her daughter.
 
  It was another moment in hindsight, perhaps, that the race was as close as it had been. Especially with Vi Wicketts face laughing at Caitlyns kitchen table, a client of Eloras — and a successful one, at that.
 
  Life was funny when you looked at it in hindsight.
 
  “Cassandra!” Amara said sunnily, stepping out and throwing her arms wide in greeting. As she stepped towards Cassandra, a large woman — Landmass, Cassandra thought, recognizing her from the Lone Stars roster — skirted around the pair and ducked out of the offices with a backwards wave and a 
  
    see you later
  
  .
 
  “Amara,” Cassandra said, offering a tiny smile, “how lovely it is to see you again.”
 
  “Oh, posh. The pleasure is all mine. Come, sit. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
 
  The two made their way into Amaras office, and Cassandra seated herself on the very edge of the plush leather seat, smoothing her slacks as she crossed a leg. Amara sat behind her desk, steepled her fingers.
 
  “Ive come to discuss Caitlyn,” Cassandra said, “and I hope you dont mind jumping right into business.”
 
  “Oh, of course not. Business before pleasure, and all that,” Amara said, waving a hand, “Im sure youre aware that your daughter fired me, Cassandra.”
 
  “I am,” Cassandra said, and opened her mouth to continue when Amara cut her off.
 
  “Dreadful business, Cassandra. Just dreadful. Idve done right by her, of course, but she let me go before I could properly secure her position with the Lone Stars organisation. We were close — so very close.”
 
  “Is that right?” Cassandra asked, mentally going through her catalogue of content shed consumed in the past months, something nagging at her.
 
  “Yes, well, you know Caitlyn,” Amara said, waving a hand, “always so brash. Its just like the time she wanted to quit a few years back — did so without consulting me. Thank god that you turned her around.”
 
  “Mm,” Cassandra said, studying Amara.
 
  “I assume that youve done it again?”
 
  “What is that?” Cassandra asked.
 
  “I assume that youve talked your daughter around again?” Amara repeated.
 
  “Oh. No, I didnt,” Cassandra said.
 
  “Well,” Amara began, “thats unfortunate. Youll have to change her mind before free agency, of course.”
 
  “Of course,” Cassandra mused, noncommittally, before pointing over her shoulder. “Who was that as I was walking in?”
 
  “Oh, Terri?” Amara asked.
 
  Cassandra snapped her fingers. “Thats it. Terri Landsman. Shes the captain of the Lone Stars?”
 
  “Formerly,” Amara said, waving a hand, “she retired for a spell, then got the itch to come back. Im assisting her with her new contract. But we were talking about Caitlyn.”
 
  “Ah, yes,” Cassandra replied, smiling, “so sorry. Retirement brain — I knew Id seen her somewhere, just couldnt quite place it.”
 
  “Indeed,” Amara said, and leaned a little closer. “Cassandra, weve known each other for over a decade. You know that I have your daughters well being in mind. If she goes unrepresented, or finds a new agent, you know that that will be far worse for her.”
 
  “She doesnt seem to agree, Amara.”
 
  “Well, she does seem to have a rash streak in her a mile wide when the pressure is on. You know her — when she nearly quit just before starting the apex of her career — can you imagine? Quitting the RHL.” Amara chuckled. “Im sorry, Cassandra, but it appears the apple fell quite far from the tree.”
 
  “Maybe so. Did — is Terri Landsman,” Cassandra said, again pointing over her shoulder, “did she play for the Lone Stars in 2006?”
 
  “She was newer to the team then,” Amara said, patience razor thin in her voice.
 
  “Caitlyn talked about her a lot,” Cassandra said, smiling, “a seventeen year old girl, trying to be a hockey star. You can imagine how excited she was when the team started to decline right as she was rumoured to be a high draft pick.”
 
  “Well, Landsman wasnt a dinosaur back then,” Amara said flippantly, “she only has a few years on Caitlyn. Cassandra—”
 
  “Yes,” Cassandra interrupted, “but I think it was the skillset difference. Landsman all defence, hitting, keeping everything moving down the ice. But Caitlyn was all offence — a sniper, so the scouts said. You remember the scouts, dont you?”
 
  “Cassandra—”
 
  “And,” Cassandra said, talking louder, feeling her blood boiling in her ears, blocking out all sound as she focused on two narrow, angry red points, Amaras face slowly widening, cringing away, “Caitlyn looked up 
  
    everything
  
   about her. Everything about the whole team — she wanted to be prepared for when she arrived in Piltover, she wanted to have topics to discuss, and music, and anything she could to forge a connection with this power forward who would be her perfect compliment. She read biographies that mentioned her, she listened to interviews about her. Idolised her, in a way — I think she had the image of the two of them together, hoisting the cup.”
 
  Stony silence from across the desk. Cassandra hadnt realised she was shouting.
 
  “So,” Cassandra sneered, “tell me again how my daughter, who did six months of research before purchasing a backpack in her senior year of high school, acted rashly, 
  
    brazenly
  
  . Tell me how my daughter, who is the smartest, most well—researched, most careful person Ive ever known, would decide that shes better off alone and unrepresented instead of having 
  
    you
  
   as an agent. Tell me how you were 
  
    so close
  
   to getting a deal done with the Lone Stars when we both 
  
    damn well
  
   know that there was nothing you couldve done as soon as Caitlyn was left off of the protected list in June.
 
  “And lastly,” Cassandra said, voice softening, “you may tell me why it is that youre entertaining the business of a woman who tried to assault my daughter on national television, if you have her 
  
    best interests at heart
  
  .”
 
  Cassandra finished speaking, kept her leg crossed, ankle swinging idly, like she had no cares in the world. Amara sat stunned, staring for a few heartbeats, jaw working, flexing.
 
  “Your daughter,” Amara said, “I dont know what shes told you, Cassandra—”
 
  “My friends call me Cassandra,” Cassandra countered, “you may refer to me as Mrs. Kiramman.”
 
  “Shes the most difficult client Ive ever had to deal with,” Amara exploded, tossing her pen on the desk, “every few months coming in here trying to be traded when the Lone Stars needed her, had to keep her. Last season was the most aggravating of my career, trying to keep your stuck—up 
  
    brat
  
   from running from the best team — with the most 
  
    history
  
   — in the league. She was set up to win, and all she had to do was not fuck it up.”
 
  Cassandra let Amaras voice echo for a moment, and her features sharpened into a long, pointed smile.
 
  “So,” Cassandra said, softly, “your client asked for a trade, and you refused to act on it?”
 
  “She wanted to leave 
  
    Piltover
  
  ,” Amara said, spreading her hands, “she was a native, the prodigal daughter. She wasnt going to sell nearly as many jerseys, book nearly as many deals, anywhere else in Runeterra.”
 
  “Deals for which youd get a percentage,” Cassandra shot back.
 
  “Of course. Of 
  
    course
  
   Id get money from it. But it was for 
  
    her best interest
  
  .”
 
  “Mm,” Cassandra said, then slowly rose, flicked her wrist down her suit jackets to remove small folds that had creased the fabric, and turned that sharp gaze on Amara.
 
  “You should look up the 
  
    sweater
  
   sales in Zaun,” Cassandra advised, “seems Caitlyn is doing just fine.”
 
  Cassandra turned to leave, pausing with her hand on the doorknob, and turned so that her profile was in stark shadow from where Amara was sitting.
 
  “When Caitlyn has no more distractions,” Cassandra said, voice calm, deadly, “I will be advising her to sue you for breach of contract. You serve the client, not yourself. She may not be able to for a while, of course.”
 
  Cassandra opened the door, and got one last comment in before she firmly shut it behind her:
 
  “It seems that shes in a 
  
    great
  
   situation.”
 
  Cassandra moved back down the hallway, waving away the secretary that rose to open the door for her, and the click of her heels on the marble echoed behind her as she walked briskly back towards her car.
 
  It wouldnt make up for it — this little gesture. Cassandra had a lot more work to do, a decade of ignorance born out of trust — trusting her daughter was safe and fine and comfortable, trusting the people around her to keep her safe. But it had felt good to put this to bed, to gain answers that had been plaguing her since shed sat across a screen from her daughter baking bread and wondered about how she looked well rested, stepped lighter, seemed happier.
 
  She was sure that Violet had something to do with it, but you didnt get that light without losing a little weight.
 
  Cassandra flexed her hand, relaxed it, exhaled slowly and carefully.
 
  For now, she thought, fiercely, she would help her daughter do whatever it took to keep her focused on her—

  
  
  

  Run at the Cup.
 
  November Part Three: Donnybrook
 
  
    You have to do something in your life that is honourable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself.
  
 
  Larry Brown

  
  
  

  Viktor fills the screen in a windbreaker and a Sumprats ballcap, looking haggard with baggy eyes, clutching a thermos with white knuckles as he walks, cane in hand, down the gentle sloped halls of The Last Drop stadium. In the top right corner white text displays:
 
  
    5:07AM
  

  
    November 26th
  

  
    16 hours until The Donnybrook
  
 
  “So,” Viktor says as he walks, “were playing the Lone Stars for the first time since we beat them by seven goals, and theres been some talk around the league about the Lone Stars having a surprise for us tonight.”
 
  Footage cuts to Caitlyn holding a hand to her ear to the Piltover crowd, cuts again to Mylo sliding like a penguin in celebration, and one final time to Piltover fans filing out of the arena early.
 
  “In the RHL, things can get a little… 
  
    heated
  
  , if something like that happens. Usually there needs to be some sort of response to a challenge like that. So Ive been asked to come in a little early so we can have some form of plan.”
 
  The footage jumps to Sevika, in a black jumpsuit, rolling her eyes at the camera as Viktor raps at her office door.
 
  “Hey, are you—”
 
  “Is that strictly necessary,” Sevika says, pointing at the camera.
 
  “—ready. Mels orders,” Viktor responds, shrugging.
 
  Sevika scowls. “Im not doing any narration bullshit. And if this shows up on youtube—”
 
  Sevika approaches the camera, snarling. The camera steps back to let her pass, and Viktor shrugs his shoulders as he follows.
 
  “Shes a little better with coffee,” he says.
 
  The two of them are standing in front of a blackboard, drawing out plays in the team meeting room, the fluorescent lights displaying the dark November morning outside, the darkness toying with the smog that hangs constantly in the Zaun air. Sevikas chalk strokes are bold and brash, more than once she snaps a piece of it in her force. Viktors, by contrast, are light and airy, an artistic stroke to them.
 
  “So,” Sevika says, as shes seated in one of the two tall ergonomic chairs near the front of the room, her knees straightened in front of her, “the starting rosters need to be submitted to the league by noon. Puck drops at 7:30pm, so well have two hours to adjust to whatever bullshit that Danforth throws our way.”
 
  “Might just drop Landsman in again,” Viktor supplies, “aim for a repeat. Claggor, maybe.”
 
  “Well, the problem,” Sevika says, grunting as she gets to her feet, “is that they can just send a whole lineup of goons at us, and we dont have the same luxury. Everyone on our roster is important, and if they go down to injury, or get their bell rung, or get thrown out — its so much harder for us to win then the fucking… shit stars.”
 
  “Work in progress,” Viktor says to the camera, smirking.
 
  “Quit making faces at that fucking thing,” Sevika gripes, “its bad enough that youre entertaining this bullshit.”
 
  Viktor smiles, taps the chalk against his lower lip, steps back to observe the names written on the board, the plays written beside them.
 
  “So we need to find either a lineup that will be able to hold its own,” Viktor says, “or one that we wont miss for a long stretch.”
 
  “As soon as Vi or Caitlyn are out there,” Sevika says, “the shit stars will take their shot.”
 
  “Cant ask the refs to help us,” Viktor murmured.
 
  Sevikas countenance darkens. “No,” she says, “no we cannot.”
  
  “Coach,” a reporter asks, “you had a lot of penalties this game — you were on the penalty kill seven times across the sixty minutes of hockey. Do you have any thoughts on how disciplined you were out there?”
 
  Sevika chomps her gum, agitated. White text in the top corner of the screen reads:
 
  
    November 15th
  
 
  “Well,” Sevika says, “officiating — refereeing — is a hard job, they do a hard job out there. We didnt get the calls our way, but thats hockey, you know. Have to keep battling.”
  
  “HEY CAL,” Sevika roars, slamming her hand on the boards of the Sumprats bench as the home crowd boos at the whistle, Mylo pleading his case to one of the referees as the lead ref skated to Sevikas bench.
 
  “Coach, I dont want to hear it,” the ref begins.
 
  “Youre 
  
    gonna
  
   fuckin hear it, Cal. You cant call a ticky tack penalty like that in a one fucking goal game.”
 
  “The elbow was up,” Cal reasons, “Mylo got her in the jaw. Thats two minutes.”
 
  “Youre killing me tonight,” Sevika shoots back, “just fuckin 
  
    killing
  
   me. I cant beat two fuckin teams out here, Cal.”
 
  “The elbow was up,” Cal repeats.
 
  “Its a 
  
    one fuckin score game
  
  , Cal. Let them play it the fuck out.”
  
  “Coach,” says a reporter, “the past three games you havent been able to stay out of the box, which marks a turning point for this club. How do you intend to refocus the team and re—find your discipline?”
 
  Sevikas jaw jumps as she chomps her gum, staring at the reporter with steely, burning eyes. The top right of the screen reads:
 
  
    November 20th
  
  .
 
  “Just gotta stay out of the box,” Sevika replies, and looks for her next question.
  
  “Hailey, I swear to god,” Sevika begins as the older ref skates closer, having been waved down.
 
  “Retaliation means two, coach,” Hailey says, shrugging.
 
  “Retaliation, huh? If you got cross checked in the gonads youd sure as shit want a whack back.”
 
  “Its textbook, coach,” Hailey repeats, “first thing they teach you. Retaliation means you sit.”
 
  “If youd called the first penalty, Hailey,” Sevika volleys back, “then there wouldnt fucking be retaliation.”
  
  “HAILEY,” Sevika barks, “whered Vis eyebrow start bleeding from? Is there a fucking mosquito in here?”
 
  “Coach, I—”
 
  “No retaliation, either,” Sevika snarled, “and still no call. Where the fuck are you and your guys looking? Because it sure as shit aint at the same fucking game Im watching.”
 
  “Coach if you dont simmer, Im getting the hook.”
 
  “Youre gonna throw me out?” Sevika challenged.
 
  “Ill get the hook if you dont—”
 
  “I dont want to watch your 
  
    putrid reffing
  
   anymore anyways, you sack of shit.”
 
  “Youre gone, Coach,” Hailey barked, skating to the scorers booth to report the ejection as the Sumprats crowd roared in disbelief and anger at their coach getting tossed.
 
  “Hey, Hailey!” Sevika hollered over the noise, “Youre going to watch the replay on this and feel bad, you fucker. Twelve minutes and thirty three seconds into the second period, watch Vi get high sticked like a fucking lumberjack, then call me and tell me you didnt fucking see it.”
 
  Sevika slams her open palm into the glass of the boards and stomps down the entry tunnel, spitting her gum into her hand as she walks.
  
  “Coach,” says a reporter.
 
  “If you want to talk to me about the officiating,” Sevika growls, “then I can save both of us some time.”
 
  In the top right of the screen:
 
  
    November 24th
  
  .
 
  “Ive gotta ask the question, coach,” the reporter says.
 
  Sevika exhales, long and loud, and waves her hand.
 
  “Coach, what was your opinion on the refereeing tonight? Six penalties—”
 
  “I dont need to hear how many penalties there was,” Sevika said, calm, serene, “I really dont. I was there for most of it. I saw how many there were.”
 
  “But whats your opinion—”
 
  “We got six penalties,” Sevika repeated, “they got one. My opinion is that it was twelve minutes of the game on the penalty kill, and we had two minutes on the powerplay. Despite that, we won 3—2.”
 
  Sevika watches the reporter for a moment, then looks around for the next question.
  
  “Cant ask the refs for help,” Sevika repeats, staring at the board with Viktor at her side.
 
  “We cant risk Vi, but we need her to defend.” Viktor says, pointing. “We cant risk Caitlyn, but we need her to score. Ashe will be a sitting duck out there, and we cant play Claggor too many minutes.”
 
  Sevika chews her gum emphatically for a moment before glancing at Viktor. “Could always do the Rambo.”
 
  Viktor rubs his chin with his thumb.
 
  “We 
  
    could
  
   do the Rambo,” Viktor says, and smiles slowly.
  
  In the parking lot of The Last Drop Arena, a silver sedan rolls into its spot — a row of reserved spaces that say 
  
    Players Only
  
  . Before its occupants can open the doors and step into the brisk November air, a minivan roars in beside them, blocking them from view as Darius and Riven hop out, arguing loudly.
 
  “No, you idiot,” Riven says, “they were called 
  
    slammers
  
  , not 
  
    poggers
  
  .”
 
  “Then what the fuck is a pogger?” Darius volleys back, and they grin at the screen as it follows them towards the Last Drop Arena. Riven side—steps oddly, the silver sedan just barely out of sight behind her broad frame.
 
  “A twitch TV thing, I think,” Riven replies, and the screen jars a little as Darius looks past it.
 
  “Do 
  
    you
  
   know what a Pogger is?” Darius asks, and theres some unmicd laughter from behind the camera as it moves into the arena, now shooting three pairs of shoes as the camera operator is flanked by Riven and Darius. Just before theyre out of sight, the operator manages to pan back towards the parking lot.
 
  A single frame of Vi and Caitlyn, on either side of the silver sedan, digging in the back for hockey bags.
  
  “Were doing the Rambo,” Sevika says, and Vi nods. Caitlyn is standing near the blackboard with Viktor, the two of them going over the Lone Stars roster as Vi and Sevika sit across from one another over a tall table. In the background behind them, Caitlyn and Viktors work grows exponentially more complicated the longer they work on it.
 
  “That makes sense,” Vi says, “they tried it with us, first.”
 
  “We want to see what their roster is, but Id be prepared to sit right off the faceoff. Well see how it plays before moving on.”
 
  “So whos on the Rambo squad?”
 
  “Thresh and Claggor,” Sevika lists off, “Mylo. I was going to ask who wanted it between Leona and Illaoi, but were leaning Leona if both want a crack at it.”
 
  “Darius and Riven, too,” Vi says, “if its going to be a proper donny, then Darius and Riven should be on the ice.”
 
  “Ive never seen them in a tilt,” Sevika muses.
 
  “Youre about to,” Vi says, seriously, “if your source is good.”
 
  Caitlyn and Viktor toss the chalk down, both grinning at one another excitedly and quickly exchange a very dorky high five, the two meandering closer to Sevika and Vi.
 
  “Theyre good,” Sevika confirms, “my old trainer back on the Pandas. Apparently most of the staff there arent too pleased with this new direction. He says he needed to screen a whole bunch of tough guys that the Lone Stars just called up on ten day contracts the day before todays game.”
 
  Vi whistles, low and quiet, and Caitlyn steps behind her, aiming a frozen smile at the camera as she sips from a cardboard cup.
 
  “I hear were doing the Rambo?” Caitlyn asks Sevika.
 
  “Were sitting first off,” Vi says over her shoulder to Caitlyn, “but we should prepare for a pretty chippy game.”
 
  “We dont get any calls,” Caitlyn points out, “not since the War Horses game.”
 
  “So expect a chippy game that were going to be sitting a lot for,” Vi says with a wink.
 
  Caitlyn and Vi grin at each other, both seeming to notice the camera at the same time, and look in vastly different directions as Sevika stands.
 
  “Stay out of the box, you two,” Sevika says, “if were going to steal this one, itll be on you guys to pull it off.”
 
  Caitlyn nods, and Vi gives a thumbs up as Sevika chomps her gum and limps from the meeting room.
 
  “Morning skate?” Caitlyn asks Vi, and the shorter woman nods, pushing herself to her feet.
 
  “Well teach you more defence, too,” Vi calls as Caitlyn walks ahead. Viktor smiles as they leave, twirls the chalk in his hand, and points to the screen.
 
  “Youll want to go watch that, Id imagine,” Viktor says.
  
  Vi skates across the neutral zone and Caitlyn matches her step for step, keeping a quick pace and her eyes locked on Vis movements. Vi dekes left, then jerks right to attempt to blast by Caitlyn, a move that Caitlyn predicts, attempting to funnel Vi to the side of the net, deny her a quick and easy goal. Vi suddenly brakes slightly, allowing her a small gap to shoot through that Caitlyn tries to knock down with her stick and fails, the puck sailing unimpeded into the tendie—less net.
 
  “Whatd you do wrong,” Vi calls, skating around the back of the net.
 
  “Played you too close,” Caitlyn says, grabbing a piece of her sweater and wiping her nose with it.
 
  “Yeah,” Vi says, “give me a little more room to make a mistake. Youre getting a lot better.”
 
  Caitlyn nods, skating back to the neutral zone after fetching the puck from the net in a lazy one—handed poke. “Arent you forgetting something?”
 
  “Hm?” Vi asked, and then, “Oh yeah!”
 
  Vi wildly raised her stick in a firing salute, made an exaggerated gunshot noise, and Caitlyns laugh chimed like a bell in the empty arena.
  
  “Were doing the Rambo?” Darius asks, finishing his stick taping with a flourish and tossing the tape one handed to Riven, who caught it without having to look. Riven began unwinding the tape around her stick in tight lines, both of their movements casual, natural, as if breathing. Sevika had one foot on the bench beside Darius as they finished preparing for practice, a little early skate to loosen things up.
 
  “Yeah,” Sevika says, “we want to know how you two feel about being a part of it.”
 
  “I havent had a good scrap in a minute,” Riven says, “I think the last one was at Dales laser tag party.”
 
  “The dad team,” Darius recalls, “yeah. What thirty year old starts a fight at a kids birthday party?”
 
  “I ended it,” Riven says smugly.
 
  “I take that to mean that you two feel fine about it,” chuckles Sevika.
 
  “Fuck yeah,” Darius says, “put me in, coach. Im ready to smack them up.”
 
  “Its clobberin time,” Riven barks in a gruff, low voice, and goes back to taping her stick.
  
  “In a donny,” Darius says, fully dressed in Sumprats gear as the rest of the team mills about behind him on the ice, “the most important thing to do is get a sense for what kind of donny it is. There are fights in hockey, and then there are scraps, and then there are 
  
    brawls
  
  . The kind of brawls where the whole chivalry shit goes right out the window, and its just you and a bunch of goons trying to beat up your siblings on the bench.”
 
  Darius gets a faraway look in his eyes as he watches Poppy and Thresh warming up, skating in lazy circles and talking.
 
  “If its a fight, its a fight. You stop hitting them when they stop hitting back. Thats chivalry. If its a scrap, you might go to the ice with them, make sure they stay down. Thats setting the tone.”
 
  Ekko and Graves talk in the background, Graves laughing. Graves had the starting gear on, Ekko skating with a beanie on his head — the backup tendie position.
 
  “If its a brawl,” Darius says, “then you keep your stick on you and watch out for skate blades.”
 
  Darius nods.
 
  “Thats common sense.”
  
  “Okay,” Mel says, steepling her fingers. She has two rosters written in two different emails on her computer — one thats titled in her drafts as The Rambo, and one thats titled Hot Girl Shit. Sevika and Viktor crowd behind her office — Sevika sitting on a bookshelf that has been cleared of all trinkets to make room for her, and Viktor leaning against the wall, hands in his striped slack pockets.
 
  “Were beyond sure that the Lone Stars are going to play games?”
 
  “Theyre definitely not trying to win tonight,” Sevika said, “it feels more like a statement game.”
 
  “Or they could be trying to win,” Viktor supplies, “but not in a good way. They have enough goons for a whole line up of just fighters, and we cant spare anyone.”
 
  “So,” Mel says, “if we fight, we get the bad end of the stick, since we need our players and they dont need theirs.”
 
  “Both folks sit in a tilly,” Sevika says, shrugging.
 
  Mel drums her fingers as text appears in the top right of the screen:
 
  11:55

  9 hours until The Donnybrook
 
  “Due at noon,” Mel mused, “and are we sure that the Rambo will work?”
 
  “Its the only way we can ensure that Vi and Caitlyn are protected,” Sevika says.
 
  “And we take control of it,” Viktor responds, “make it our strategy, not theirs.”
 
  Mel nods, and clicks send on The Rambo, submitting her starting roster for the game. “Well, if they start their studs, its going to be a really quick shift change.”
 
  Sevika lifts both shoulders. “They wont start their studs.”
 
  “If they 
  
    do
  
   start their studs—” Viktor begins.
 
  “They wont.”
 
  “But if they do,” Viktor continues, “well have sent out a line of fighters against their top line, which means theyll be able to accuse us of doing what we think 
  
    theyre
  
   doing. Were already being refereed differently — it might exacerbate that problem.”
 
  “Im not risking Caitlyn and Vi,” Sevika growls. “Not going into December, not when we have Demacia twice more and the Shadow Isles twice. Playoff teams are won and lost in December.”
 
  “Its noon,” Mel says, “they have to have submitted it by now.”
 
  Sevika and Viktor close the gap, hovering over Mels shoulders as she scrolls, clicks a few buttons. All three of their faces suddenly lean closer, squinting at the screen.
 
  “Who the fuck are these people,” Sevika grumbles.
 
  “Their call ups,” Mel says, “mostly farm team people.”
 
  She leaned back in her chair, swivelled slightly to look up at Sevika, a smile on her face.
 
  “Looks like your source was right. They were trying to injure our star lineup.”
 
  “The Rambo,” Viktor murmured.
 
  Mel grinned. “The Rambo.”
  
  Caitlyn and Vi are sitting facing one another on a bench in the locker room — Caitlyn sitting cross legged, Vi straddling the wood. They seem deep in conversation, the cameras mics not quite picking up what theyre saying to each other. Caitlyns eyes are locked on Vis face as she listens, slowly breaking out into a wide grin at the story Vi is telling, and then exploding into a foghorn—type laugh, which makes Vis shoulders begin to shake as she asks 
  
    what was 
  
  
    that
  
  
    ?
  
 
  Abruptly, Mylo pops into the frame.
 
  “You havent asked me for my talking head yet,” Mylo says, and then glares behind him.
 
  “This is a boring backdrop — come with me,” Mylo continues, tugging the camera away from the locker room, “well go somewhere a little cooler. Theres this great spot near the—”
 
  Hes interrupted by the sound of airbrakes as a coach bus stops near the away team tunnel, and Mylos eyes light up with fire.
 
  “The Lame Stars are in the building,” he croons, and grins at the screen. “Boy, do they have another think coming if they thought they were going to test the Sumprats in our barn.”
 
  Mylos smile fills the screen, a devilish tint to it. The camera backs away slightly.
  
  SPAGHETTI TEDDYS RAMBUNCTIOUS RHL COLUMN
 
  Heres the highlight, folks: tune in to tonights Sumprats game.
 
  I know that most of the folks out there from Zaun are saying 
  
    well duh
  
  . Its the Lone Stars vs the Sumprats for the first time in Zauns building, of course were tuning in, or going to one of the theatres, or the big projectors in Sumprat City where they show the games — were watching it regardless! Were not stupid, Teddy.
 
  But for those of you who are joining us from outside the scope of beautiful downtown Zaun — tune in anyways, because youre guaranteed to see something wild. I know this, because I have access to both teams starting rosters as a member of the media, and folks? These clubs came strapped for war.
 
  For those among you who may not be as aware of the intricacies of hockey as the rest of us, let me explain something: usually, at the start of the game, both teams want their best players to play, right? You start with your best lineup and try to get the jump on the competition and feel them out. You wouldnt start with your second lineup or your third best lineup because then, the other teams really good guys can score early and keep the pressure up all game long.
 
  So, youd think the starting lineups of both the Lone Stars and the Sumprats would have the usual faces, right? Clyde, Raffi, Landsman — the Sumprats would go with what the fans are calling Hot Girl Shit (which bangs). 
 
  Instead, weve got five callups on the Lone Stars side, which tells me that they wanted to try and scrap right off the bat.
 
  The Sumprats responded by putting their toughest players on the ice.
 
  Tune in, folks.
 
  We might see a line brawl before the puck drop.
  
  Sevika was looming over Danforth, a portly man in a suit that was sweating lightly. Both coaches faces were red from yelling, eyes bright with anger, lips twisted in passionate defence of their strategies.
 
  “Youre a fucking joke of a coach, Dansie,” Sevika says, “and I cant believe I ever had respect for you.”
 
  “Fuck you too, Sevika,” Danforth grunts back, and marched back towards the away teams locker, leaving Sevika to smooth her hair, pop a fresh piece of gum into her mouth.
 
  Sevika watches him leave for a moment, and then steps towards the screen, pointing at it.
 
  “Capture every second out there,” Sevika says, “every single time they call us for a penalty, I want to know about it. Got it, blondie?”
 
  There seems to be some acknowledgement as Sevika steps away, gives one final withering stare towards the screen, and stalks off.
 
  “Might as well be worth something,” she mutters as she leaves.
  
  The Sumprats and Lone Stars face off against one another, each lining up in their designated spaces. Claggor and Riven were on the defensive pairing, with Darius, Thresh, and Mylo as the forwards, eyes locked straight on the Lone Stars skaters. The referees skate cautiously, watching carefully, electricity shooting up their spines. None of the stars of either team are on the ice as the puck hovers in midair.
  
  “Whats the Rambo?” Claggor asks, raising an eyebrow at the screen. He looks behind him at his teammates, leans close, smiles.
 
  “First Rambo movie,” Claggor says, conspiratorially, “was called Rambo: First Blood.”
  
  The puck hits the ice and Graves lets out a battle roar from the crease as gloves and sticks explode on the ice, five skaters grab each other and begin swinging wildly. Claggor grips a massive defenseman by the sweater and tugs him towards his fist, clocking him so hard his helmet goes sailing. Claggor dodges a punch as he and his assailant skate out of frame, revealing Mylo with his jersey pulled over his head, being fed punches as he swings desperately upwards, a constant stream of high pitched giggles and insults coming from beneath the Sumprats cloth pulled over him. After a moment, he wiggles free of the jersey, comes up wearing only pads, and swings hard at the Lone Star, sending him spinning to the ice.
 
  Riven and Darius stand back to back, a firm fistful of their opponents jersey in each of their left hands as their rights go tearing across the space between them, slamming against chests and faces as they rock back and forth, trying to end the fight before it truly begins. Threshs assailant tries to pull away, but Thresh uses his long arms to hook him closer, unleashing a huge punch to the gut that has the Lone Star roiling forwards.
 
  A blur of movement, and suddenly Graves is tearing down the ice, his stick, blocker, and trapper flying. The Lone Stars goalie is skating forwards to meet him, and the fight starts with both tendies grabbing each others masks and ripping them from each others faces as they begin exchanging furious blows.
 
  All the while, the Zaun crowd is on its feet, screaming and leaping up and down for blood.
 
  The referees manage to contain the fighting one by one, separating each combatant steadily — Claggor finishing off his opponent and starting in on Mylos as the smaller skater hits the ice, grinning with his arms raised and the lusty cheers of the crowd.
 
  It takes eight minutes to clear the ice and award penalties — offsetting five minute penalties for the brawl, game ejections for Claggor and Mylo and two of the Lone Stars. The crowd booed for the Sumprat ejections, cheered for the Lone Star ejections, and eventually settled back into their seats for a game of hockey, the game clock still frozen at 19:59.
 
  White text at the top right of the screen:
 
  7:14

  1 hour until The Donnybrook
  
  The game proper started with an explosive play by Hot Girl Shit, opening up the scoring with a one—two—three pass that ended with Ashe shelving the puck just out of reach of the flailing Lone Stars goaltender, a black eye slowly revealing itself beneath his blue and white mask.
 
  Ashe and Caitlyn tapped sticks, but the celebration was much more grim from the Sumprats, the demeanour business—like, rigid. The last string of games had seen them spending a lot of their time in the penalty box, led to them skating around expecting for the other shoe to drop.
 
  It dropped when Caitlyn was chasing a Lone Star behind the Sumprats bench, stick out in the attempted poke check. The Lone Star saw their chance and gripped Caitlyns stick with their glove, jerked it towards their skates, and took a dive, resulting in an immediate whistle blowing.
 
  “That was a dive,” Caitlyn argued, “they did it themselves.”
 
  “They tripped over your stick, Kiramman. Thats two.”
 
  Caitlyn shook her head as the boos erupted from the stadium, skating to the penalty box as Sevika pointed to the head referee, eyes wide.
  
  “You know what Im gonna say?” Sevika asks as the head ref skates in.
 
  “Coach,” begins the ref.
 
  “Why is it every night. Every fucking night Im having this conversation. Youre rewarding them for fucking diving and flopping — every night out here its the Oscars.”
 
  “Tripping,” the ref continues, “is defined as—”
 
  “Corruption,” Sevika fires back, “is defined as blah blah. You got money on the Lone Stars this game or what, zebra?”
 
  The ref shakes their head, starts to skate away.
 
  “You dont police this shit,” Sevika calls, “its going to get ugly, and fast.”
  
  Thresh got hooked to the ice in the corner, rolling over a Lone Stars stick until he thumped into the boards. He looked up to see the ref looking the other way, snarled, and slammed his stick on the ground.
 
  Poppy hip checked a Lone Star near her own net and the whistle was blown. The call — roughing. Poppy couldnt help but chuckle as Sevika waved at the head referee again, pointing and gesturing on the broadcast as Poppy skated to the box and slumped against the bench. 
 
  The Lone Stars swarmed, attacked. Relentlessly searching for a way through Graves weak blocker side. They moved like sharks on the powerplay, taking their time, looking for any opportunity to knot this thing up to be 1—all, go into the second period on equal footing.
 
  But Vi was nearly back to full form, and she gave the Lone Stars the news.
 
  Breaking up passing lanes, poking away sure chances, keeping her body out of it for fear of the penalty, Vi prowled, a menace on defence, a jungle cat defending her territory.
 
  When Poppys penalty was over, Vi rushed the puck up ice, the two of them catching the Lone Stars napping with a two on one opportunity. Vi zipped the puck to Poppy who buried it stick side for the goal, putting the Sumprats up 2—0.
 
  “Do yall actually play hockey,” Vi called down the bench, “or are you just hoping to join UFC?”
 
  The first period ended with three penalties against the Sumprats, none against the Lone Stars, and the Sumprats still up 2—0.
 
  Sevika chomped her gum harder as she stepped towards the scorers box to talk to the refs while her team walked back to the locker room.
  
  Sevika fills the frame, with the three referees milling about in front of her. The camera closes on them and shifts slightly to the left, keeping both the irate coach and the three refs in the shot.
 
  “What Im saying is,” Sevika says, “youre taking away our weapons, here. Weve got the body — weve got a roster full of players who use the hit stick and use it well, and youre taking that away.”
 
  “Youre up, Coach,” the head ref says.
 
  “But youve taken away my fucking weapons, here,” Sevika says, “youve been doing it all month. Is there a memo or something that all you got? Why is every game a struggle to get fair calls all of a sudden?”
 
  “Youre leading by two goals. I cant say I agree that were robbing you.”
 
  “If you cant see how youre fucking me here, Jer,” Sevika says, “then youre either too dumb to ref or youre in on it. Either way, thats fucked up.”
 
  “Go be with your team, Coach,” Jer snaps, “or well hook you.”
 
  “Thats fucked up, fellas,” Sevika repeats, stepping away from the scorers box, glaring at the camera for a moment before limping away. The three refs mill about on the ice for a moment more before skating towards their own dressing room.
 
  In the top right:
 
  45 minutes before The Donnybrook
  
  The Lone Stars netted their first goal of the game deep in the second period, on the powerplay. Raffi, the Lone Stars defender, gripped Ashes stick as he rounded a corner, dragged it over his body and raised his arms as if being hooked. The whistle was blown so fast that Ashe thought it was on Raffi for interference before being told what it was really for.
 
  Ashe didnt say a word, just slammed her stick so hard into the boards that it snapped, picked up both pieces, and skated to the bench to replace it before heading to the box.
 
  The goal was a sneaky slapshot by Raffi on Graves blocker side, Vi missing the block by inches. Graves shook it off quickly as Ashe opened the penalty box door and skated back towards her bench, shaking her head.
 
  It was the Sumprats fifth penalty.
 
  The Lone Stars had yet to be called for one.
  
  Vi and Landsman are in the frame, lined up on each others skate, watching for the faceoff in their ready positions. Landsman says a short few words to Vi, and Vi frowns, darting her eyes towards the bigger woman in question. Landsman nods slowly, leans close again, and whispers something that has Vi stiffening, eyes glowering  as she lowers her body towards the ice, preparing for the play.
 
  “Vi,” Landsman calls, barely audible over the crowd noise, and when Vi looks, Landsman lifts a glove to her face, spreads her index and middle fingers, and licks them.
 
  Vis grip on her stick tightens, and when the puck drops Landsman and Vi drop the gloves immediately, circling. Vi gets a good punch in, sending Landsmans helmet spinning, but Landsman recovers, holding Vi down with her greater strength as she feeds Vi in the face with a right hand, hits her in the stomach with a second. Vi manages to keep her feet, but Landsman rains punches down on her shoulders and neck, clearly having the upper hand as theyre finally separated and escorted to the penalty boxes. The entire time, Vi skates backwards, watching Landsman the entire time, blood trickling down her eyebrow.
 
  Landsman grins, nods, and salutes Caitlyn as she skates by.
 
  Caitlyns entire body seizes, her eyes wide as she looks at Vi to see Vi watching her. The two are in the frame for a long beat, gazing at each other.
 
  Vi smirks, shrugs helplessly, and mouths 
  
    kick their ass
  
  .
 
  White text:
 
  4 minutes until The Donnybrook
  
  Vi was given a two minute penalty for instigating on top of her five minutes for fighting, and so the Sumprats found themselves on the penalty kill again. Caitlyn was put on the penalty killing unit, and acquitted herself quite well to the shifting play, keeping the play in front of her, seeming to watch and wait, and wait, and wait.
 
  Her chance came when a lazy pass across the blue line got clipped by Poppy, right into Caitlyns stick. She suddenly was ripping down the ice like a gazelle in her best Riven impression, ice chips shooting behind her as her arms pumped for the breakaway goal. Caitlyn didnt waste much time with stick handling, gathering the puck across the blue line and zipping it past the Lone Star tendie on the trapper side, raising her arms as her team crashed into her, the rifle salute echoing throughout the arena.
 
  A shorthanded goal, and the Sumprats were up 3—1.
 
  At the next faceoff, however, Raffi caught Caitlyn with an elbow that erupted across her temple as she chased him to the corner. Her head jerked back, but she stuck with the play, forcing him to hit her with an even more vicious one that caught her in the nose, making one of her nostrils erupt with blood as he tried to create space.
 
  But still, Caitlyn stick with him, badgering him with her stick as he turned and hit her in the chest with his glove, sending her back against the boards.
 
  The whistle finally blew, the gesture for unsportsmanlike conduct halfway through being made when Graves lifted his stick and brought it crashing down on Raffis torso.
 
  Suddenly, the Lone Stars — outnumbering the Sumprats on the ice due to the power play — were shedding their gloves. Darius hopped over the bench to even the odds as the Sumprats shook off their gloves to defend themselves. 
 
  Seeing Darius hop over, a few Lone Stars leapt over too, which resulted in every single Lone Star and Sumprat diving onto the ice, dropping their gloves, and grabbing a partner, fists flying and curses shouted as the Lone Stars goalie rushed from all the way on the other end of the ice to join in, equipment trailing behind him.
 
  The penalty box doors opened, and Landsman took a step outside of hers before Vi leapt at her, having fired out of her own sin bin like a rocket to tackle the larger woman. The two brawled in the penalty box as Sevika climbed on top of her own bench, barking insults at Danforth as the two gestured at each other with rolled up roster pamphlets and the gum went flying out of Sevikas mouth.
 
  Caitlyn dropped her gloves and slammed her fist into Raffis face, the two squaring up, awkward and non—fighters. Despite Raffis broad frame, Caitlyn had a lot of reach, kept him at bay with long punches before they were separated.
 
  From down the tunnel, Claggor and Mylo charged into the fray, each grabbing a Lone Star and spinning them away from a teammate to stop the fighting, just holding onto a sweater.
 
  The entire duration of the brawl, the crowd chanted.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS
  

  Clap. Clap. Clap—clap—clap.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS
  

  Clap. Clap. Clap—clap—clap.
  
  “I warned them,” Sevika says, with the news ticker reading 
  
    Sumprats win 4—1 over Lone Stars
  
   at the bottom of the screen, “I warned them early what would happen if they kept letting the game slip away from them. But it kept happening — all month weve been penalised at a three to one rate versus the teams were facing. Its not right, its not fair, and frankly Im very tired of playing nice because the league wants us all to say kumbaya.
 
  “This is why we have referees — to keep things on an even keel, make sure everything is fair, and balanced. Its for the players safety as well as the quality of the game. Nobody cares about cheating — we just want to be safe out there. And when youre not protecting our safety, someone has to do it.
 
  “Do I condone Graves hitting Raffi with a stick? No. But he saw his captain get hit — his captain who has some of the lowest penalty stats in the league, as an aside — three times on one play, each one worse than the last. So of course hes going to react — his captain wasnt being protected.
 
  “So I know Im getting fined, but whatever. I want the league to hear me — I want the refs to hear this. This is just as much on you as it is on us. Give us a fair shot — thats all we or anyone has ever asked.”
 
  Sevika stares into the camera for a few moments longer, and then looks for her next question.
 
  “Coach,” begins a reporter, “you started some of your non scorers tonight — was that in response to the Lone Stars lineup?”
 
  “Yep,” Sevika says, “I think that was a pretty clear message sent. They were trying to take out our best players, same as last time we faced this club. If they ring that bell, Im going to answer it. That goes for any coach out there who wants to try the same thing.”
 
  Sevika looks in the camera again, and snarls.
 
  “Dont push me.”




  
  “Why are we doing this, again?”
 
  The words left Lux Crownsguards lips accompanied by a heavy regret, and she had known before finishing them that that Powder wouldnt respond — not in any significant way that did things like offer answers. Shed known by the way Powders brow was furrowed, the way that she set her bottom lip heavily against her teeth as she tapped a few keys at the editing bay, scrolling through footage on 8x speed with her gaze constantly scanning. Powder was listening — Lux 
  
    knew
  
   that Powder was listening — but she could deceive people who hadnt worked with her for so long into thinking she wasnt.
 
  The speed at which Powder worked had always surprised Lux, ever since the two of them had been in school together. Powder had a real passion for capturing her vision of the world and displaying it, and Lux had an interest in truth — truth that the lens of the camera had an easier time pulling out of people than the written word or audible voice. Their two styles clashed, but always made a more cohesive product, despite their arguing.
 
  They had found that they had a lot in common — older siblings in the RHL, moving into difficult artistic careers in competitive fields, occasionally argumentative and more than occasionally extremely stubborn. Lux hadnt been able to stand Powder at first, finding her messy organisational style and heavy reliance on editing made for sloppy products. Powder, too, had loudly and vocally critiqued Luxs projects as being dead fishes, with all the personality of old boot leather.
 
  Theyd been partnered up because of these contrasting critiques, and their first doc had been quick, quippy, accurate, and stylish.
 
  Theyd never looked back.
 
  “Dont do that,” Lux sighed, leaning back in her chair at her editing bay, positioned directly across from Powders. They were holed up in a hotel room that theyd converted to their editing station, two cheap plastic tables mashed together that nearly buckled under the strain of their PC towers, hard drive docks, and cooling fans that kept the whole thing circulating. The two tables were neatly divided in half by an invisible line of mess — Powders station a riot of sticky notes and half—scribbled notes, three quarters empty cans of soda, the odd half—smoked joint. Luxs, by comparison, had nothing but a three ringed notebook decorated in pink and frilly stickers, coloured tabs sticking out in an efficient, cascading style, and a single travel coffee mug that was diligently washed each day.
 
  Lux waited for a response, and when the blue haired girl still didnt say anything, she rolled her chair to the side, catching her eye. Powder was staring into space, her eyes not doing the usual dancing through footage thing that they normally did.
 
  “Powder,” Lux called, and snapped the other girl out of whatever funk had settled over her, blinking and turning her ice blue gaze on Lux.
 
  “Hm?” the director and co—founder of GetJinxed said.
 
  “Why are we doing this,” Lux asked, quietly.
 
  Powder blinked, then turned her attention back at the editing bay, tapping her big, chunky keyboard. “We were paid to.”
 
  “Dont be a pedant. You know what Im asking you.”
 
  “Well, I dunno, flashlight,” Powder said, “you should really work on your clarity of language, especially for a credited writer on this thing.”
 
  “Why are you being—” Lux started.
 
  “Because, like, you asked, and I answered.Why are we doing this — to get paid.”
 
  Luxs eyes narrowed. “Whatd you find.”
 
  Powders pale complexion darkened, tinged red. “Nothing. I just have to watch stupid hockey clips.”
 
  Lux walked her feet in her office chair rapidly around to Powders side of the double table, accompanied by the sound of Powder rapidly clicking keys in an effort to hide something. Lux caught sight of the name 
  
    Silco
  
   before a window was alt—tabbed, and her eyes shot to Powder, leaning back in her chair as she considered her.
 
  “Stop that,” Powder warned.
 
  Luxs eyes narrowed as she tilted her body closer.
 
  “Stop it,” Powder said again, “or Ill colour all your pink stickers black.”
 
  “Silco,” Lux said.
 
  “Is that a shade of black?”
 
  “Silco. The Sumprats owner. Silco.”
 
  “I know, stupid. Im working on the same doc you are.”
 
  “What does this have to do with Silco?”
 
  Powder huffed, swivelling her beat up black pleather chair to address Lux directly. “Other than him ducking my interview requests, nothing.”
 
  Lux tapped her finger to her chin a few times with an index finger, before lazily pointing the same finger at Powders face. “Youre using your lying voice, Pow.”
 
  “Dont call me Pow,” Powder volleyed back.
 
  “Considering you accidentally called me 
  
    fleshlight
  
   during a charity event, I think I get to call you whatever I want.”
 
  “I mean,” Powder said, and smirked as her gaze zipped to Luxs torso. Lux fidgeted a little in her chair, but was undeterred. She zipped herself back to her workstation and began rapidly typing, aware that Powder leapt to her feet to follow her as she pulled up three random interviews on Silco and began to read.
 
  “You havent even finished documenting our footage,” Powder complained, “the files need to be renamed properly or else 
  
    Ill
  
   do them and youll do nothing but bitch the whole time.”
 
  “You know what I think is more important than renaming files?” Lux asked.
 
  Powder shrugged a shoulder, bad—tempered as she hovered behind Luxs chair.
 
  “Figuring out what our documentary is 
  
    actually
  
   about,” Lux answered her own question.
 
  “Its about the inaugural season of the Sumprats and how they lost in the first bracket or heat or whatever they call it in hockey,” Powder said, “which humiliated them all and made everyone cry. You should get back to work.”
 
  “First of all, theyre called rounds, and second of all, if it were just about that you wouldnt have said yes and dragged me and the boys to Zaun to work around the clock shooting jocks all day.”
 
  Powder shrugged again. “The money was good.”
 
  “That hasnt mattered before. But this,” Lux said, pointing with her finger a half inch from the screen on a website that had a photo of a thin, pale man in a suit — Silco — and a thick, bearded man, looking into the camera with smiles on their faces.
 
  “This matters to you. If you wont tell me why, then Ill 
  
    find
  
   out why.”
 
  Powder looked at the website with a carefully blank expression, and then reached down to ctrl+W the tab and close the screen.
 
  Lux waited a beat. “Youre being childish.”
 
  “Youre slacking at work.”
 
  “All Im trying to do is understand, Powder. You drag us here and say its important but you havent talked about the grand picture to anyone, or done anything to let us know your process. Its not like you to be this secretive and Im worried about you.”
 
  “Drop it,” Powder said sternly, spinning Luxs chair so they were face to face.
 
  “You dont need to carry this alone, Powder. I can—”
 
  “Lux,” Powder snarled, “
  
    drop
  
   it.”
 
  Lux swallowed. They were nearly nose to nose, and Powders expression was one of seriousness, anger. She hadnt seen this expression on Powders face since the day before her fathers funeral, when she had hung up her cell phone mid—conversation by spiking it into the concrete, shattering it. She had flown home alone, even when Lux had offered to accompany her.
 
  Powder hadnt owned any pictures of him, hadnt talked about him or her family much. Lux knew that Vi was her sister, that they had an icy relationship, and had assumed that this whole doc was an attempt by Powder to get close, or gain closure, or… something.
 
  But the Silco thing…
 
  “Will you tell me eventually?” Lux asked softly, filling the space between them. Powders hands had filled the space to either side of Luxs head, fingers biting into the deep purple fabric. Her gaze was locked on Luxs, eyes darting from pupil to pupil, their faces so close, breath mingling. Powders smelled faintly of the bubblegum she was always chewing, the moisturiser she favoured. 
 
  Powder exhaled, low and slow, through her nose, and blinked away the anger and hurt on her face, smoothed both hands through her hair, down her twintails. She looked up at the ceiling, inhaled deeply, exhaled loudly again. Lux recognized it as a breathing exercise — something her therapist had recommended.
 
  A surge of pride filled Luxs chest.
 
  “Im sorry,” Powder said, her hands twitching, “Im sorry. I shouldnt have— that wasnt cool of me to—”
 
  Lux snatched her twitching hands with each of her own, offering Powder something to fidget with, her own fingers. Powder smiled quickly, gratefully, before manipulating Luxs fingers, staring down at them as she focused on the way they bent and wrinkled, the small scar running up Luxs ring finger from running through a screen door.
 
  There was a time, when they were working on Wooden Horses, where Lux had ached to offer her hands when she saw Powder in distress, looking to stim out and finding nothing other than her own nails. She used to pick them until they bled, over and over and over again in stressful situations. Now, Lux could still her, supply her with what she needed, watch with all the pride in the world these heavy steps towards progress that Powder had made.
 
  Powder exhaled again, smiled gratefully. “What did I do to deserve ya,” she murmured.
 
  “A heinous crime, no doubt,” Lux said, and earned herself a soft bonk on the forehead with Powders forearm and a low chuckle.
 
  “I 
  
    am
  
   sorry,” Powder said, “this whole thing has been hard. Seeing Vi all the time, and with Dad gone, its — yeah. Its hard.”
 
  “I know,” Lux said, softly.
 
  Powder inhaled, slowly, exhaled even more slowly, and nodded. “Okay. Silco. Owner of the Last Drop, right?”
 
  “Mhm. Reclusive billionaire with a shady past. Rumours of shimmer trade, skeevy deals.”
 
  “Right,” Powder said. “Thats exactly right.”
 
  Powder released Luxs hands, went to her small messenger bag decorated with heavily drawn cartoon skulls in riots of pink and blue and yellow, and retrieved a thick notebook that she flipped to a well—dog eared page and slapped it down in front of Lux, then held out her hands again.
 
  Lux returned her palms to Powders grip, let her knead them nervously as she looked down at the well—read, well—loved pages, a frown on her features. “The Last Drop,” Lux said, then looked up at Powder.
 
  “This was dated before the stadium was built. We just did the writing on that sequence of the doc.”
 
  Powder nodded, still massaging Luxs hands.
 
  “Whos journal is this?”
 
  “Dads,” Powder said.
 
  Lux sank back in her chair, staring up at Powder, eyebrows hitting her hairline.
 
  “Why would the name of the stadium be in your dads journal 
  
    before
  
   Silco had it built?”
 
  Powder grinned.
 
  “Thats what Im going to find out.”
 
  Lux watched her girlfriends eyes for a few moments, and slowly smiled back.
 
  “Hell need to do an interview eventually,” Powder said, “these rich types usually cant resist talking about how successful they are. If the Sumprats do well enough, well get him on camera long enough to ask him. Im hoping by then well have enough on him to be able to get some truths.”
 
  “And until then?”
 
  “Until then, we make a kickass hockey documentary, I guess.”
 
  Lux smiled, squeezed Powders thumbs.
 
  “Were the best to ever do it,” she said.
 
  On the desktop of the editing bay, the words of the footage folder displayed proudly:
 
  RAWFOOTAGE/run_at_the_cup
 
  November Part Four: Secrets
 
  
    Anyone can support a team that is winning — it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team, to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage.
  
 
  
    —Bart Starr
  

  
  

  November 12th, day after the War Horses game
 
  “Youre 
  
    not
  
   dating?” Leona asked, surprised.
 
  “No,” Caitlyn responded, “of course not.”
 
  “What do you mean 
  
    of course not
  
  ,” Diana said, earning Vis glare.
 
  The four of them were gathered at their usual bar spot, an emergency debriefing called by Vi and Caitlyn among the two assistant captains and the married couple. The six of them had spent a significant amount of time making awkward small talk as Caitlyn stared at her phone — which hadnt stopped vibrating since the hashtag had started trending and continued trending to this very moment — and Vi had gripped her beer bottle so hard that Caitlyn envisioned it shattering and exploding into fizzy, frothy pieces.
 
  “She means,” Vi said tightly, “that we arent dating. Have never dated.”
 
  Vi didnt say 
  
    will never date
  
  , but Caitlyn heard the implication as she lifted her wine to her lips. It felt too fancy to be drinking, but she had her dietary restrictions to consider.
 
  “Well fuck,” Poppy said, “I guess we were wrong.”
 
  “Sorry, C and C,” Claggor added, “we just… assumed.”
 
  “Its fine,” Vi growled, “whatever. Look, we need some help here —  weve never been in a story like this before. You guys went through it — got any advice for us?”
 
  Leona looked at Diana, Diana looked at Leona, and both made a face.
 
  “Uh oh,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “Buckle in,” Diana said.
 
  “Yeah,” Leona agreed, “its going to be much worse before it gets better. Diana and I were lucky in some cases because we were on a lesser covered team, but you guys are on the hot team to talk about right now.”
 
  “We got to trending at our wedding,” Diana put in, “but you guys are on another level.”
 
  “How did you combat the rumours?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  Diana considered. “Get on the same page, is my advice. Try to answer very boringly. Since youre not actually dating, it should be easy to deny and keep the questions to hockey as much as you can.”
 
  “It wont work,” Leona added, “and youll be asked about it in every single post game presser for the rest of your lives. Its good that youre friends, because theyll be asking for you two to interview together for the rest of the season.”
 
  “Maybe the rest of your careers,” Diana continued, “if youre lucky enough to both be Sumprats again after the seasons over. The best strategy is to just go with non—platitudes and refocusing questions. They cant fine you if you answer the question without answering the question.”
 
  “Thanks for asking,” Leona said in a bored tone, holding a fake microphone to speak into, “lets keep it about hockey, its just good chemistry.”
 
  “The classic: Im just here so I dont get fined,” Diana said, grinning.
 
  “Shes a remarkable player,” Leona continued into the microphone, “great leader. Fantastic teammate.”
 
  Caitlyn wrote the suggestions down on a cocktail napkin as Vi tugged on her hair in frustration.
 
  “God,” she groaned, “what a shitshow. This was already fucking complicated and now this bucket of shit.”
 
  “You didnt help matters,” Caitlyn said, coolly, still writing. She could feel Vi shooting daggers at the side of her face with her eyes, but she refused to raise her gaze from carefully noting all of Leona and Dianas suggestions down.
 
  “Did you lose it?” Poppy asked.
 
  “No,” Vi said immediately, at the same time as Caitlyn snorted and said “lose it is an understatement.”
 
  “What happened?” Poppy asked, grinning.
  
  
    Twitter thinks youre dating,
  
   the subtitles say on the screen as Vi immediately glares at the camera, glares past the camera, and reaches to her lapel to rip the microphone off and stomp away with a series of muffled sounds and scraping. Caitlyn rises to follow as she suddenly gets stopped by the cord of her mic, forcing her to fumble with it as the camera jerks and tilts, being pulled off of its tripod to follow the two women as Caitlyn gets free of her mic and hands it to a blonde woman as she darts out the door. In the very edge of the screen, a tall and muscular man is grabbing a long furry microphone on a stick — a boom — and is wielding it expertly as the audio track flips over, displaying the stomping and rushing of feet as the screen shakes with the effort to keep up.
 
  Vi is moving quickly up a flight of stairs, and the audio now picks up Caitlyn saying 
  
    Vi, wait
  
   as the taller woman eats up the distance between them, the camera crew hot on their heels. Vi approaches an elegant looking door, rapping once before bursting inside.
 
  Mel Medarda and Sevika are in a large, elegant office, Sevika sitting on a squat bookshelf as Mel leans against her desk, maybe a foot between them. The smiles disappear from their faces as Vi and Caitlyn stumble into the room, standing ramrod straight. Both coach and general managers eyes dart to the cameras as Mel smooths her hair back and slips behind her desk, folding her hands serenely.
 
  “What can we do for you, captains?” Mel asks as Vi says “Mel—”
 
  “Mel, you better start talking, and fast,” Vi threatens.
 
  “Watch it, Wickett,” Sevika growls as Caitlyn steps towards her coach.
 
  “Vi—” Caitlyn tries.
 
  “What would you wish me to talk about?” Mel asks, patient and calm as Vi leans her hands on Mels desk and Sevika moves to stand, one of her knees popping with the effort. Caitlyn stands further away, eyes darting from the camera to the commotion in the centre of the room, rooted to the spot.
 
  “Why,” Vi says, “the 
  
    fuck
  
   is 
  
    CaitVi
  
   trending on twitter.”
 
  Mel registers shock for a moment before her cellphone seemingly teleports to her hand, clicking at it rapidly as Sevika says “what the fuck are you talking about, Wickett?”
 
  “Twitter,” Vi says, “thinks were fucking 
  
    dating
  
  . I know you guys have our ad on the airplane — Im just wondering what else Medardas posted to leverage our 
  
    unique
  
   relationship.”
 
  “I havent done anything of the sort,” Mel murmurs, and then hands her phone to Sevika, “but you are trending. It appears some fans have found some very good footage of you two.”
 
  “Youre saying this has nothing to do with you? Not after—”
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn tries again.
 
  “—all the chemistry talk, getting us together for ad shoots, trying to cash in on our rivals to teammates vibes?”
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn says, louder this time, “dont you think we should know what were dealing with before we start accusing people?”
 
  Vis gaze shot to Caitlyns, her countenance darkening.
 
  “Vi, I can promise you,” Mel says, “with every fibre of my being, that I had nothing to do with this. Besides the fifteen second Im in it spot, no footage of the ad campaign has been released.”
 
  “The only official Sumprat media that Im aware of with us is that small clip of you making me laugh,” Caitlyn puts in.
 
  “Thats the spot,” Mel confirms as Sevika barks out a laugh.
 
  The three turn towards her as she looks up from her phone, coughs.
 
  “Sorry,” Sevika says, “they just — theres fanfiction.”
 
  Three bodies rush to Sevika as she turns the phone around, three heads bent close to read.
 
  “That,” Mel says, “was certainly quick.”
 
  Vi exhales, tugging on her hair. “Fuck,” she mutters, and begins walking towards the doorway, pausing directly in front of the camera.
 
  “
  
    Move
  
  ,” she barks, pushing past, leaving Sevika, Mel, and Caitlyn in the office.
 
  Caitlyn watches Mel with an arched brow. “You swear you had nothing to do with this.”
 
  Mel shakes her head, then arches an eyebrow of her own. “
  
    Are
  
   you dating?”
 
  “There are rules and regs around this,” Sevika offers up, “shit you need to sign.”
 
  “Were not,” Caitlyn says confidently.
 
  “Then these are just rumours. Theyll blow over — regrettably, from my point of view. The two of you dating is very good for interest in the team nationally.”
 
  “So glad to see youre enthused,” Caitlyn spits, “its only our lives being analysed.”
 
  Mel raises two hands in surrender. “Youre right. That was insensitive. I apologise.”
 
  Caitlyn shakes her head, and says 
  
    excuse me
  
   as she slips past the camera crew, leaving Seivka and Mel staring at one another, brows lifted.
 
  “I couldve sworn they 
  
    were
  
   dating,” Sevika says, “they dont act like they aint.”
 
  Mel smooths her dress down her thighs.
 
  “If not dating,” she muses, and lets the sentence hang.
  
  “Its not that funny,” Vi mumbles as Poppy and Claggor barely stifle grins as Diana pats her shoulder in sympathy.
 
  “Very true,” Caitlyn says icily, “considering that Vi was two steps from bouncing a womans head off of her desk for a misunderstanding.”
 
  “Cait, she was constantly making noises about using our 
  
    relationship
  
   to sell seats. What the fuck else was I supposed to think?”
 
  “Our relationship as 
  
    hockey players
  
  , Violet. Not our personal relationship. How you could think Mel Medarda had so little of our best interests in mind—”
 
  “Whatever.”
 
  “—is beyond me. Its not whatever. That woman has included us in almost every stage of the season and has never pushed us on anything that were not comfortable with.”
 
  “To each their own, cupcake,” Vi shot back, “GMs will trade their grandmothers in order to make the team better.”
 
  “Sure,” Caitlyn volleyed, “trades are trades, but I think that meddling in personal affairs is quite another thing.”
 
  Vi huffed, folding her arms and sinking lower into her stool, taking a large pull on her beer. Caitlyn tried to tamp down the hurt of that — the ridiculous notion that Vi would be so violently opposed to dating her that even the mention of it was enough to send her into a rage at their general manager. It was stupid to be hurt, too — she was the one whod put the brakes on this whole thing.
 
  “Cupcake?” Diana asked after a beat.
 
  “Violet?” Leona put in.
 
  Caitlyn and Vi suddenly had better things to look at — the ceiling, the bar, the tabletop.
 
  “Okay, so,” Claggor said, placing his hands on the table, “youre not dating. Thats fine. What do you need from us?”
 
  “We can help you with advice, deflection — whatever you need,” Poppy said, “because this probably isnt going to go away. You guys are contractually tied to one another with the advertising, you hang out after games. Its going to be hard to put physical distance between each other.”
 
  “Thanks,” Caitlyn murmured, polishing off her wine, “I think the biggest thing is going to be the documentary. Theyre following us at all times — if stills leak or something itll fuel the fire and this will never die down.”
 
  “Well, we could put a body on them,” Claggor mused, “just like a hot goal scorer. Play defence, make them work to get a good angle on you guys.”
 
  “We dont want to invest too much time into this,” Vi muttered, sucking back her beer, “we 
  
    do
  
   still have games to win.”
 
  “Nah,” Poppy said, “half the locker room will demand to help once they find out, and the other half will want to fuck with the doc crew. Itll be great stress relief.”
 
  Caitlyn sighed and rose from her seat. “Thank you. Sincerely — thats a weight off of my mind.”
 
  “It gets better,” Diana put in.
 
  “After getting much worse,” Leona said, sliding a glance to Diana. Diana smiled, touched her hand, a moment passing between them — a moment of affection, of crossing the finish line and accepting everything that came before you leading to this single point, of it all being well worth it.
 
  Caitlyns gut twisted at that, longed for that. She touched Vis shoulder, pulled her hand back quickly, winced inwardly.
 
  “Ready to head out?”
 
  Vi nodded, grabbing her jacket as she rose, too, smiling at the other four.
 
  “Long day,” she said, “thanks again. Put it on my tab — stay however long you want.”
 
  As the two trooped out, Dianas gaze slid to Poppy and Claggor.
 
  “Cupcake,” she repeated.
 
  “They carpooled?” Leona asked.
 
  “Not dating,” Claggor reminded.
 
  “Someone should tell them.” Poppy said.
 
  The four sighed, took a drink from their cups, and Claggor pulled out a notebook.
 
  “Okay,” Claggor said, licking his pen as he began to write, “lets schedule whos on doc duty.”
  
  As Caitlyn pulled back up to her house next to Vis little convertible, Vi was fidgeting. She kept tapping her thumbs on her knees, staring out the window as the streetlights passed, generally being squirrely. Caitlyn put her sedan in park, killed the ignition, sat in the car as the interior lights popped on automatically, staring at the peeling paint of her garage as the November air whistled against the windows. They sat in a tense silence that drove Caitlyn to speak, to say something to ease the stiffness in Vis shoulders and the way she gazed out the passenger window, a brood covering her.
 
  “What do we do now,” Vi asked, like a balloon bursting, “theyre right. We spend way too much time together to let this tamp down on its own. Where do we go from here?”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled, leaning back against her headrest with a frown. Just yesterday, Vi and her sat in this house and had Harvestday dinner together with her parents — surprising her with how comfortable, how natural it was.
 
  Even with mothers incredibly
  
     obvious
  
   hints. If Caitlyn died before seeing another instance of her mother winking, it would be far too soon.
 
  “I guess,” Caitlyn said, words feeling thick on her tongue, “we scale back?”
 
  Vi shot her gaze to Caitlyns before jerking it away, a nod following. “Yeah,” she said, sounding far away, “yeah, I guess that makes the most sense.”
 
  “This sucks,” Caitlyn muttered, “it really sucks, but I just dont think we need distractions. We both have a lot of hope for the season, and—”
 
  “No, no,” Vi said, touching the back of Caitlyns hand with her thick, warm fingers. “I get it — believe me, I get it.”
 
  Caitlyn watched the way Vis fingers made tiny dents on her skin, thinking back to the way Vi had handled Akali, the physical nature of it. Shed never been on the ice when Vi had shut another player down — a player that wasnt her. It was like watching a predator, slowly and surely working a prey down until it was worn out, exhausted, made mistake after mistake after mistake until Vi could go in for the kill.
 
  Caitlyn flipped her palm over so that Vi made contact with her fingers, pad to pad, and squeezed around them.
 
  They sat there, half—holding hands — more like holding fingers, as the digital clock on her sedan slowly pressed forwards, minutes ticking by. They were trapped, at an impasse, the comfort in the car weighed in by the pressure of the outside world around them, the burst of the bubble coming, looming, pressing.
 
  Eventually, the interior lights shut off, and Vi retreated back to her side of the car, exhaling as she stared up at the roof, rolling one shoulder.
 
  “I should get going. Ill probably be getting some calls soon from some Ionian team members wholl give me some shit about how they always knew it.”
 
  Caitlyn smirked at that, then rolled her eyes. She considered, licked her bottom lip, and said, “We were so much better at hiding this when we were just fucking.”
 
  Vi zipped her gaze to Caitlyns, who held her eyes, then looked at her house in a clear invitation.
 
  Vi exhaled, low, slow, and rubbed the back of her neck. “I dont… think that thats a good idea.”
 
  Caitlyns disappointment was clearly evident on her face, but she nodded. Vi was right. Vi had to be right. They were both clearly worked up, emotional. It would be a mistake to leap into that right now.
 
  “Someones probably watching the house,” Vi added, and Caitlyns optics of the situation crystalized, her gaze lifting to meet Vis eyes, seeing the want there.
 
  The hunger there.
 
  “In that case,” Caitlyn said, touching her lip with her tongue again, “we shouldnt risk…”
 
  They both turned to the back seat.
 
  “Too cramped,” Vi said, “your legs are too long.”
 
  “Not all that private, anyways,” Caitlyn muttered, and raked her fingers through her hair. “Vi, what are we doing.”
 
  “Contemplating sex like, two weeks after we said wed stop,” Vi replied, earning a breathless laugh from Catilyn as Vis smile turned crooked, fond.
 
  “Its a bad idea,” Caitlyn confirmed, and Vi smirked.
 
  “A terrible one. And a tempting one. I should go. Im going.”
 
  “Ill see you at practice,” Caitlyn called, and Vi nodded, opening her door. She retrieved her hockey bag from Caitlyns backseat, waved with two fingers as she crossed to her little coupe, hucked the bag in the trunk as she walked around it, sat in the drivers seat and started the engine.
 
  Caitlyn lasted two seconds before she was rounding Vis car and tapping on the driver side window, waiting for Vi to unroll it.
 
  “Morning skate, night skate, film sessions,” Caitlyn rushed, “I just want to — were on the same page that theyre what we consider hockey related, right?”
 
  Vi waited for a beat, and then nodded, a soft smile playing around her lips. “Well, of course. Yeah — were just training.”
 
  “Right. You could — you could teach me defence. Like you did tonight on Akali. I could — you know. Use some individual lessons.”
 
  “My slapshot needs work. Youre an amazing shot. An excellent shot — youre a sniper.”
 
  “Your slapshot,” Caitlyn said, slowly, “my defence.”
 
  Vi smiled. “Sounds like a plan. We could keep carpooling — save on gas.”
 
  “Environment,” Caitlyn said, like a complete moron, “is important.”
 
  Vi nodded. “Be ready tomorrow morning, cupcake,” she said, revving her engine, “because Im definitely going to give you a workout.”
 
  “Ill work you so fucking hard,” Caitlyn said — growled, really. She had the pleasure of watching Vis eyes darken, her mouth jutting open a few inches, neck flushing.
 
  Caitlyn tapped the door before she did something shed regret, stepped away as Vi shook herself — visibly 
  
    shook 
  
  herself — and backed away.
 
  “Seven AM!” Vi called, and sped down the street.
 
  Caitlyn gave it an hour. She dumped her hockey stuff in the laundry room, picked out a fresh practice sweater and socks for the next day. Checked her email. Brushed her teeth, moisturised, slid into bed in her pyjamas with the covers on her, her phone in her hand as the minutes ticked away. She turned it over in her hands, over and over and over, watching the reflections of Zaun at night streak into her window and dance across her bedroom ceiling, reflected by the dark mirror of her phone screen.
 
  She uninstalled twitter, instagram, any social media for the time being. Better to not even interact.
 
  At exactly one hour since tapping on Vis window, Vi picked up on the first ring.
 
  “Did you need something?” Vi asked, voice low, throaty — deliciously raspy at Caitlyns ear.
 
  “I thought,” Caitlyn said, sliding one hand along her abdomen, feeling the hard edges, “we could help each other… release.”
 
  Vi inhaled sharply, shakily.
 
  “You have excellent timing,” she managed.
 
  “Oh?” Caitlyn asked, interest piqued. “Did I interrupt something?”
 
  In answer, Vi sighed, an explosion of breath in Caitlyns ear, sending a shiver down her spine. Caitlyns hand slid beneath her pyjama bottoms, slowly circling herself, discovering herself already moistening, clit hard and lightly throbbing.
 
  “Was it something 
  
    I
  
   said?” Caitlyn asked, putting some husk into her voice. The anxiety of never having done this before — not 
  
    this
  
   — melting away by the way Vi responded, a cut short groan in the back of her throat.
 
  “What you said before I left,” Vi murmured, “I thought of it all the way home.”
 
  “What was that, Violet?” Caitlyn asked, softly.
 
  “That you were going to work me,” Vi replied.
 
  “Hard,” Caitlyn corrected, “I said I was going to work you 
  
    so fucking hard
  
  .”
 
  Vi groaned again, louder, breathier, and Caitlyns hand quickened, a small gasp escaping her into the phone.
 
  “God,” Vi said, “is this a mistake?”
 
  “I dont care,” Caitlyn growled, “I dont care, and I dont want to care — I dont want to think about anything but your voice.”
 
  “Just my voice?” Vi teased.
 
  “Your voice,” Caitlyn said, “your mouth. Your tits, your ass. The way you look in your workout shorts drives me 
  
    insane.”
  
 
  Caitlyns hand ventured further, dipping into her entrance, feeling trapped by one of her hands being forced to clutch the phone. She didnt want to use her shoulder to prop it up — couldnt risk losing the connection, that tinny speaker whispering to her brain. Normally, she needed both hands on the wheel to steer herself where she needed to go, but for now, the touches, the feeling of two of her fingers impaling herself as Vi sighed and gasped in her ear, it would be enough.
 
  “I love the sounds you make,” Vi whimpered, “god, I could listen to them all day, all night.”
 
  “Violet,” Caitlyn panted.
 
  “Youre the only one who uses my full name, cupcake,” Vi whispered, “and every time you do I think about the way your tongue forms the words.”
 
  “I want to scream it into your neck,” Caitlyn growled, “with you three knuckles deep in me.”
 
  “Fuck,” Vi groaned, “youd ride my hand so fucking good. Youd take it so well.”
 
  “All I can do sometimes,” Caitlyn gasped, “to not push you against the boards and shove my hand down your jock. In front of every fucking one.”
 
  Vi choked out a laugh. “Twitterd love that.”
 
  The steam let out of the balloon a little at the reminder of the outside world, and Vi seemed to sense it, whispering, “I want to spank your ass as you cum.”
 
  “Fuck,” Caitlyn whined, “fuck I want to do that to you too. I bet your skin would rosy up so well for me.”
 
  “Remember the hotel room?” Vi keened, and Caitlyn heard sheets rustling, the soft 
  
    creak
  
   of a bed under Vis weight, and it was all too easy to picture herself, in her underwear, vulnerable as Vi approached her, grin feral, wolfish, like Caitlyn was her favourite dish and she was a woman starved.
 
  “I think about it,” Caitlyn murmured, “every time, I think about you restraining me.”
 
  “Fuck,” Vi gasped, “fuck, cupcake, Im going to—”
 
  “God, yes, please let me hear you,” Caitlyn moaned back, pressing the phone harder to her ear as she worked herself faster, a thumb on her clit, two fingers deep in her pussy, driving herself higher and higher as Vis guttural growls echoed through her speaker, erupting into her ear, visions of Vi, naked on her bed, rolling onto her side and curling into a ball as two hands worked on her and drove her up, and up, and 
  
    up
  
  .
 
  It was Vis rough touch that Caitlyn imagined on her cunt when she finally toppled over the edge, phone gripped so hard that it took a screenshot, the mechanic 
  
    click
  
   making her think shed taken a picture for a moment before she unwound backwards, letting the throbbing ache work through her, lifting her phone screen to make sure Vi was still connected.
 
  “You still there?” Vis tinny voice said and Caitlyn hurried to put it back to her ear.
 
  “Mm. Yes. Hello. Hi.”
 
  “Hi,” Vi said throatily, audibly smiling.
 
  “Um,” Caitlyn said, “thank you.”
 
  Vi laughed, still caught in her throat. “I think I should be thanking you for the phone call.”
 
  “It was a lovely chat,” Caitlyn responded with her own grin at her ceiling.
 
  “Got the pressure released?” Vi asked, and Caitlyn sighed.
 
  “Yes. That did the trick.”
 
  “Worked for me, too.” Vi said. There was a small pause, before Vi continued “So, Ill pick you up at seven tomorrow?”
 
  “Mhm. Yes. Seven tomorrow sounds,” Caitlyn worked to keep her voice normal, level, “grand. We can go for donuts first.”
 
  “Is there room in the body maintenance schedule for donuts?”
 
  Caitlyn shrugged against the sheets. “I feel like Ive earned them lately.”
 
  Vi chuckled.
 
  “Id have to agree.”
 
  They hung up a few moments later, and Caitlyn refused to think about it, what this meant, what this could mean. All that mattered was that Vi had answered the phone, that theyd given each other what theyd needed.
 
  Caitlyn went to sleep, and if she dreamed, she only remembered vague inklings, pink hair spread out on her pillow, blue eyes to wake her in the morning, a hard body pressed to her back.
  
  In the morning, Vi picked her up in the slick little coupe, they bickered over having enough room for their hockey bags in the tiny trunk, and they went to get donuts. Caitlyn complained about having to move her seat back in the tiny car, and Vi laughed, told her that style meant making sacrifices, and that if she wanted a bigger vehicle, Caitlyn could buy her own.
 
  They practised defence with Vi charging at Caitlyn, they practised shooting with Caitlyn standing behind Vi, directing her. Caitlyn pretended that it didnt make her insides clench when they battled in the corner, draped over Vis back and trying to dig the puck out with her stick. Caitlyn pretended not to notice Vi stiffening when she slid her gloves around Vis hips, demonstrating how good shooting form felt to move.
 
  It was an elaborate dance, a two—step.
 
  But they were athletes.
 
  How hard could it be?
  
  A solo lit practice rink comes into frame, and the camera zooms in on Caitlyn and Vi working on the empty rink, Vi shooting a line of slapshots as Caitlyn skates behind her, brows furrowed as she takes in Vis form, nodding in seriousness as Vi hits the post three times in a row — the aim of this particular exercise. The camera goes to move closer when Graves teeth are suddenly all that can be seen, the big goalie having inserted himself directly in front of the camera.
 
  “You know,” Graves begins, and the camera resignedly reframes itself so hes dead centre, “this reminds me of a story that I heard back in college about practice.”
 
  Just before the camera cuts away, Vi can be seen behind Graves left shoulder, doubled over in laughter as Caitlyn flips a puck at her gently, a grin on her own face.
The rest of the story doesnt make the cut.



  
  Vi stands in the darkened Sumprats stadium, a bruise around her eye, tears welling in her eyes as her hands disappear into her sweater pockets, gazing down at the rink being methodically cleaned for the new year. She sniffs once, audibly, wiping away some moisture as her gaze moves around on the rink, taking in little details, roving over the nooks, the crannies, every little piece that makes up the Last Drop Arena. Shes gazing at it as if looking at it for the first time, intense concentration behind the clear sadness etched into her features.
 
  At the top right of the screen, white text reads:
 
  
    December 31st
  

  
    Day after the second Shadow Isles game
  
 
  As she watches the empty arena, the audio behind her slowly changes into an eruption of applause, the stomping of feet — the shot blending to a different shot taken at this exact angle, a full and roaring arena of Sumprat fans as the Sumprats and the Lone Stars tied up in a large brawl, officials and team staff rushing on the ice to separate the clubs before it got truly ugly.
 
  Near centre ice, Vi tilts Caitlyns chin down to look at her nose, moving it from side to side as Caitlyn glares across at the Lone Stars skaters, barking insults as Vi taps her back, refocuses her until theyre looking at each other.
 
  Vi winks at Caitlyn and Caitlyn smiles as they skate away from a scrum of Lone Stars players and Sumprats struggling, Caitlyn breaking away from Vi to grab a sweater and tug Leona away from the pile of bodies. Leonas temple is bleeding, her eyes bright with fury as she drags Diana away from the pile too — Dianas long limbs still pinwheeling as she tries to keep fighting Raffi even as shes muscled away.
 
  “The Donnybrook,” Spaghetti Teddys voice says, “was a pressure cooker of frustration. On one hand, you had the Lone Stars, who were being nationally embarrassed for losing so badly against a team that had no real goal scorers. They were also being destroyed for squandering Caitlyn Kirammans best playing years and letting her walk at the peak of her powers.”
 
  “Meanwhile,” Teddy says, now filling the screen, “the Sumprats were being penalised at a ridiculous rate. All of November, their penalty minutes skyrocketed, and they were hit with three to one penalty rates versus their opponents. Theyd done okay considering, but that many power plays were adding up in the goals against column.”
 
  “What was fascinating,” Taylor Swiffer says, seated next to Jack, “was that Caitlyn Kiramman and Vi Wickett were producing at an incredible rate, still — Kiramman had a streak of a point per game since mid—October, and also had smashed the MVP record — the fastest candidate to reach a million public votes since Grayson in the 90s.”
 
  “She was lethal during that stretch of the season,” Jack agreed, “everything we wanted to see. And Wickett was proving the doubters wrong, a shoo—in for the defensive player of the year award, incredible in the plus—minus column.”
 
  “But,” Taylor says, looking a little sad, “early success has a way of catching up to you in the RHL — teams start gunning for you, planning for you, and one thing was very clear throughout that stretch.”
 
  Ashe Arrow skates into the frame next to the small circle of Caitlyn, Vi, Diana, and Leona, says something in Caitlyns ear that has her nodding, barking something back through her mouthguard. The two fill the frame as they watch the two teams finally separate, the officials meeting to discuss penalties, Graves already skating towards Ekko — clearly aware he was going to be tossed for hitting Raffi with his stick. Ekko had his mask on and was putting his trapper on, his knuckle bloody from tagging a Lone Stars centre with a vicious hook.
 
  “Without Arrow or Kiramman,” Taylors voice continued, as Ashe and Caitlyn stood next to one another, “the Sumprats couldnt score goals.”
 
  The image fades, and Vi is still standing in the darkened arena, watching the crew clean, watching the empty, echoing stadium.
 
  “Youre asking for a trade?” comes Caitlyns voice, echoing in the space, hollow, hurt.
 
  Vi closes her eyes.
 
  The image fades, white words on black:




  Run at the Cup.
 
  December Part One: Rock…
 
  
    Quote Not Available
  



  “Violet Wickett,” said Heimerdinger, steepling furry fingers as he stared — big eyed and baleful — across the square table at Vi. The two were situated at each end of the massive conference room, little curved square light boxes situated in even intervals across the tabletop. Vander wouldve been able to tell her what the wood was made of, how it was made — carving had always been a passion of his.
 
  Vi liked to think of him when she was feeling attacked, backed into a corner. She didnt like to think of what that meant for her mental health.
 
  “Present and accounted for,” Vi said sardonically, earning her a nudge from Elora to her right. Her agent had unpacked a briefcase full of files, had sorted them into two neat stacks and sat with her hands folded primly on top of them. They were long briefs, but Elora had been a lawyer before shed been a sports agent, knew how to read and how to study and how to take her coffee black and revolting.
 
  Vi was filled with a wave of fondness for her, of what the two of them had managed to accomplish together. The RHL was filled with horror stories of bad agents running their clients into the ground, wearing them out for quick contracts. Elora had never done any of that — just asked what shed wanted, set about achieving it.
 
  Elora caught her eye, glanced pointedly at Heimerdinger, who was speaking at length about the difficulties that the Donnybrook would bring to them, the leagues image, and forced Vi to focus in a little harder.
 
  “—dreadful business, this — thuggery. One would mistake you all out there for common street fighters, the way you carried on. Ill have no more of it — not so long as Im commissioner of this league. The punishments will be meted out justly and harshly — were sending a message throughout the league.”
 
  “How many games?” Vi asked, interrupting the yordle mid—tirade.
 
  “I beg your pardon?” Heimerdinger asked.
 
  “Vi is looking to the bottom line,” Elora elaborated, “how many games is the committee suggesting?”
 
  Heimerdinger deflated slightly. “Were you not paying attention? Ill not have—”
 
  “We can discuss future behaviors,” Elora interrupted, “alongside what you mean by thuggery, in a moment. First, wed like to hear how many games were going to lose on the season.”
 
  Heimerdinger glanced to his right, where a lady with glasses — Skye, Vi recognized — flipped a clipboard, read a few lines. “Weve decided to put forwards a five game suspension.”
 
  Elora moved one stack of paperwork — labelled 
  
    best case scenario
  
   — to her briefcase, leaving only the stack labelled 
  
    worst case scenario
  
  .
 
  “You attacked a player in the penalty box, Ms Wickett,” Heimerdinger began, clearly trying to get ahead of Eloras arguments as Elora began flipping through paperwork at a rapid pace, eyes scanning each page, “that sort of unchecked aggression is not going to—”
 
  “June 17th, 2007,” Elora began, “you met with Zac and Singed — separately, on the same day — regarding a brawl that spilled into the home teams tunnel. Both got a single games suspension — Singed was on his third offence, Zac on his second.”
 
  Heimerdinger glared as Elora flipped back a few pages, eyebrows raised, and continued. “Ms. Wickett is on her first ever time appearing in front of this board — with an immaculate penalty record, a sportsmanship award shes won twice. Moreover, Terri Landsman has been in front of this board three times, instigated the fight — which can be clearly seen via the tapes — and got two games less on her suspension according to my sources.”
 
  “Where did you hear this?” Heimerdinger demanded.
 
  Elora smiled, sharply. “Her agent has a big mouth, and has become something of a personal project of mine.”
 
  Landsman had been at the disciplinary hearing before Vis. Vi had caught sight of her leaving the league office, dressed to the nines in her suit with the bruises darkening her skin on her face. When Vi had been done with her, she had just been a big bruise with eyes.
 
  Elora had wanted to leap to her feet and accost Landsman then and there, her lungs expanding with the air to snap the larger woman over her knee, and Vi had been the one to stop her, pressing a big hand on her shoulder and forcibly pushing her into her seat.
 
  “Give me five minutes with her,” Elora had pleaded, “fuck, give me three. Three minutes.”
 
  “It isnt worth it,” Vi had replied, “anything off the ice is civil court. Better I handle it on ice.”
 
  As Landsman had walked away, talking in a low voice with her agent — an older shrivelled woman with a bassy voice, Elora glared at Vi, glared at Vis hand on her shoulder. Vi had released her, and Elora shot to her feet, face sharp and angry.
 
  “Amara,” Elora called, and the shrivelled woman had paused, looked back, “you better bury your skeletons. You better bury them deep.”
 
  Amara scoffed, pressed a hand to Landsmans back, urged her to keep walking.
 
  “If theres something to find,” Elora had called, “Ill find it. You two better start digging. You better start digging fast.”
 
  “Ms Wickett,” said a bald man in a suit, “your case will be heard now.”
 
  “Dig fast,” Elora had shouted, echoing in the hallway, “dig deep. Im coming.”
 
  Now, she regarded Heimerdinger with coldness, shrewdness, calculation, and Vi shut up with a twitch of her lips, leaning back to watch the show.
 
  “Deny it,” Elora invited.
 
  Heimerdinger glowered.
 
  “With respect, Mr. Commissioner,” Elora began, “why are you insisting on making the wrong call, here? You know as well as I that in cases such as these — where Landsman instigated with a rude gesture on live television leading to a fight — the two skaters are often given the same suspension in the interest of balance.”
 
  “That was before Ms. Wickett failed to stay out of the penalty box for all of November,” Heimerdinger volleyed back. “Ever since shes come back from injury all I hear from our officials is complaints about backtalk, aggression. Its making a mockery of my sport.”
 
  “If they got the call right, I wouldnt bitch,” Vi muttered, and Eloras nails bit into her shoulder as she squeezed her arm.
 
  “Mr. Commissioner,” Elora said, calmly, “what the fuck are you talking about?”
 
  Heimerdingers face twisted as Skye pulled another piece of paper from her stack. “We have Ms. Wicketts November penalty stats, Ms. Gray. Were finding that shes had an alarming increase in penalties when compared to the rest of her playing career. Were hoping the length of suspension cools her heels a bit and allows her to refocus on discipline.”
 
  “Discipline,” scoffed Vi, and Eloras nails bit harder.
 
  “I have Ms. Wicketts — and the entire Sumprats team, as a matter of fact —  penalty stats for their entire careers,” Elora said, and this time Vi could hear the air crack with the frost in it, “and they offer a completely different conclusion. Are you quite certain youre going to stake your case for a five game suspension on penalties?”
 
  “What are you implying, Ms Gray,” Heimerdinger said, pulling off his glasses and cleaning them.
 
  “I have here the Sumprats penalty stats for their career, and then their penalty stats in November. Ive marked each skater by where they were born first, and youll note that each Sumprat penalised in the month of November was done so at an increased rate versus their entire career, and that the top four skaters — well, here.”
 
  She smoothly sent the paper skidding across the tabletop, waiting until Skyes hand came down upon it, lifted it to read.
 
  “At the very least,” Elora said, “this data suggests that this is not solely Ms. Wicketts issue. At most, this points to targeted penalization.”
 
  Skye slid the paper to Heimerdinger, tapped the paper at a specific spot. He read it, his eyes widening, then narrowing as he watched Elora carefully. Vis gaze zipped between them, settled on Eloras icy smile, and felt a bloom of pride in her chest.
 
  Elora was the Caitlyn of Agents.
 
  Never missed.
 
  “Three games,” Heimerdinger said, “I cant give her less than three games because we gave Landsman three games. Three and a hundred thousand dollar fine.”
 
  “One game,” Elora countered, “no fine. We dont owe the league anything — least of all to match punishments with that ogre.”
 
  “Three games,” Heimerdinger pursued, “no fine.”
 
  Elora looked at Vi, query in her brows. Vi did some quick math, found that the Assassins game was four games away, and nodded.
 
  “We accept,” Elora said, tapping the table and packing up the Worst Case Scenario files, “but Commissioner, Ive got my eye on this situation. What that data suggests—”
 
  “I know what it suggests,” Heimerdinger snapped, “well correct it immediately.”
 
  “We wouldnt want it to wind up in the wrong hands before you do,” Elora said, quietly.
 
  “Do not threaten me, Ms. Gray,” Heimerdinger snapped out. Elora nodded, finished packing up, and rose, looking down at Vi.
 
  Vi rapped her knuckles against the tabletop, exhaled through her nose, and spoke.
 
  “This is fucked up. That Im being compared to Terri Landsman — thats fucked up. I thought my value would be higher than this as an ambassador to the game.”
 
  Heimerdinger was reading a sheet of paper, having already dismissed Vi. Skye watched him for a moment before speaking.
 
  “We appreciate everything you do, Violet. Thank you for making time for us.”
 
  “Then act like it, Skye,” Vi shot back, and shot to her feet with such force that two of the square light fixtures toppled. She didnt look back as she squeezed out of the door to the conference room, Elora hot on her heels.
 
  “Leaking it?” Vi asked.
 
  “Yep,” Elora said, cell phone already to her ear. “Taylor, hello. Its Elora. Listen, Im going to have my receptionist email you the copy of some stats I found about the Zaunite born players of the RHL. Whatever you do with it is up to you.”
  
  Vi was careful with the leg press, athletic sleeve on her knee as she pushed the plates up, eased them back down, sweat covering her chest and back. Shed been at it since early this morning, since long before the weak sunlight had pierced the heavy smog that choked the upper stories of Zaun. She worked the press, her sneakers on the metal plate, slowly and surely, until the thumping in her ears erased the sick, angry feeling that she felt from the ghosts of Terri Landsmans words, buzzing around her head like angry bees.
 
  
    She sure tastes sweet, dont she?
  
 
  When Vi closed her eyes, she could still feel the thuds of her fists on Landsmans face, chest, rocking her pads backwards in the penalty box, until Landsman stopped defending herself and Vi was yanked off of her by Thresh, glaring as Landsman spat a loosened tooth onto the ice and rolled onto her stomach, letting blood slowly pool and frost below her.
 
  The leg press slammed back against the machine as Vi ran her fingers through her hair, dark pink with sweat, her chest heaving from the workout. Her leg twinged, shook, and she pressed her palm in the pit of her knee, soothed the trembling, inhaled and exhaled, slowed her breathing.
 
  She was pushing herself too hard. Stupid. She needed to rest it.
 
  Favouring her good leg as she rose from the machine, Vi half—limped, half—walked to the sanitary wipes, grabbing two out of the dispenser, hobbled back to wipe down the machine of all traces of her. The black leather was faded slightly from the beginning of the week when shed set out on this one woman mission to rid herself of the echo in her ear, Landsmans voice like sawdust, clogging up the spaces where other sounds could fit through. She grit her teeth as she stretched her leg slowly, carefully, feeling it creak a little as the kneecap shifted and shuddered beneath her weight.
 
  “Oh,” Caitlyns voice came from the doorway, and Vi exhaled a little in a self—aimed laugh, because, of course. She hadnt even gotten a handle on her own emotional grid, and here she was — the girl that she casually fucked around with for a decade who had been all but bleeding behind the curtain.
 
  She was beautiful. Even though her face was bruised, her nose a deep, blackening purple from Raffis vicious elbows. She was wearing a white compressed tee, black shorts, sensible tennis shoes. Her hair was in a ponytail, and, most importantly, Vi could hear her say 
  
    your tits, your ass
  
   in that groaning voice through her tinny speakers when she closed her eyes.
 
  “I havent seen you since they decided,” Caitlyn said, voice cautious, and Vi hated — 
  
    hated
  
   — the caution there.
 
  “Yeah, sorry,” Vi muttered, “theyve had me in hearings and shit.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. “I hear you got a few games.”
 
  “Three,” Vi replied, then shrugged with a mocking grin, “first offender. Mylo and Claggor are probably out for more.”
 
  “I hear theyre looking at five.”
 
  “Five games?” Vi asked, frowned, “I hear the Lone Stars players all got four — except Landsman. She got the same as me.”
 
  In the weight room, Caitlyn shrugged, putting her foot up on a wooden box for lunges and tying her sneakers tight. “Just what I heard, but I agree. Itd be crazy to give the Lone Stars more games for the same offence.”
 
  Vi sat on the bench against the wall, watched Caitlyn tie her ponytail as tight as her sneakers. She thought back to Caitlyn leaning in her car, telling her that she missed her. She thought about Caitlyns text in her phone, asking if she wanted company when Vi went to the league office, thought about the way shed shut it down as she reeled from Landsmans words, the implication of them.
 
  It was crazy, the way that whenever Landsman came into their lives, things slotted in like puzzle pieces. Caitlyns shut down with Garren, and Landsman wanting to run her off the ice. Landsman licking the V in her gloves, and Caitlyns no fucking teammates rule. The way that Caitlyn seemed to be heavily attracted to Vi and Vis skillset, how Vi was just a more intense, shorter version of Landsman on the ice.
 
  Her knee twinged.
 
  “Not 
  
    that
  
   crazy,” Vi muttered, “based on how were officiated lately.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, stretching her hamstrings, jumping up and down a little. She moved towards the weights, and Vi huffed at herself, looked at the ground, and said, “Caitlyn.”
 
  Something in her voice had Caitlyn pausing, looking back at her, expression carefully neutral. Just like that, seeing the blank mask, seeing the dread that seemed to come off of Caitlyn in waves, Vi knew it wasnt the right time to broach this. Caitlyn seemed ready to sprint at a moments notice, and it wasnt Vis right to open this particular wound back up — not when Caitlyn didnt seem to have the equipment necessary to stitch herself together.
 
  “Were going to lose a lot of games,” Vi said instead, expression pinched, “without me our defence will hurt, without Mylo we lose passing options, without Clag—”
 
  “Its not a big deal,” Caitlyn said, softly.
 
  “No. No, it is,” Vi said, standing, “Caitlyn, you have to be careful. Without Claggor, teams are going to start taking runs again — itll go back to the old bullshit.”
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn soothed, stepping closer, and Vi felt like 
  
    she
  
   was being comforted even though Caitlyn was walking back into the hellmouth, back into a league who had one answer for her — beat her to dust.
 
  “Sit the five games,” Vi said, voice miserable.
 
  Caitlyn paused, then stepped forwards to place her hands on Vis shoulders.
 
  “I cant do that,” Caitlyn said, and her voice was steel wrapped in velvet, firm, soft.
 
  “If not sit, then cut back on minutes. Something. Protect yourself from whatever else they can throw at you.”
 
  “If the roles were reversed,” Caitlyn replied, “you wouldnt sit. You wouldnt cut back.”
 
  Vi didnt have an answer, just reached up to grip Caitlyns wrists and squeeze.
 
  “Vi, Ive been taking care of myself in the RHL for twelve seasons. I can certainly do it for five games. Besides, nobody beat on me quite as well as you did.”
 
  Vi chuckled at that, squeezed Caitlyns wrists again, and inhaled, exhaled. “I know. I know youll be alright. Sorry, Im just — Im really invested in the run. If you go down, were totally fucked.”
 
  “Ive never gone down,” Caitlyn responded, “Im not about to start. I stay on the ice, Vi.”
 
  Vi frowned, pulled back. “Is that true?”
 
  Caitlyn laughed, rose from the slight lean she had done to make eye contact — Vi hadnt even noticed shed leaned down, which surprised her — to stretch her back lightly. “Check my stats sometime, Wickett. 82 games every season.”
 
  Vi smirked. “Must be nice.”
 
  Caitlyn smirked back, and then gestured to the floor mats. “I should get started. Are you going to spot, or…?”
 
  “Nah,” Vi replied, “I have to meet with my doctor about the knee and then I need to run errands. Im also going to talk to Graves — league might come down harder on him for using his stick as a weapon. Itll be a long three games til Im back.”
 
  Vi rose and Caitlyn stepped back to give her her space, bringing each of her knees to her chest in succession, rolling her ankles.
 
  “Well be out Mylo and Claggor for the first Assassins game,” Caitlyn said, tone neutral.
 
  Vi nodded, wrapped a towel around her neck as she headed for the exit.
 
  “Should be a barn burner.”
  
  As soon as Vi was out of sight, Caitlyn immediately pressed her palms to her eyes until she saw stars, the vision of Landsman licking her fingers at Vi burned into her brain, visions of her and Landsman during the first half of her rookie season. Landsman had been 23 at the time, Caitlyn had been 19 — young and stupid and dazzled by the lights of the RHL and her hometown team, dazzled by the cocky grin and hard playstyle of the team captain.
 
  It was going to come out. It was going to come out. Vi was going to know — Vi might know already. If Vi knew, that means that Vi could judge, and Landsman could destroy something—
 
  Landsman could destroy—
 
  Caitlyn whirled and slammed her fist into the heavy bag hanging from the gym ceiling, sending it rocking backwards as she shook her hand immediately, wincing at the pain. Her hands were curled all wrong, knuckles impacting on an awkward angle.
 
  She slumped onto the bench that Vi had just vacated, stared across the room at the full length mirror, took in her own reflection — the bruised nose, darkened eye sockets from Raffis elbow, another Lone Star sweater that had painted a target on her and taken their pound of flesh at the puppet masters orders. Just another blue and gold shield logo that stood in a line, grinning with their pucks in front of them as they told the rookie class to skate as fast as they could.
 
  The pucks would whip by them, some would hit home — elbows and biceps and forearms that glowed bright red before fading to a sickly yellow over time.
 
  It had taken years before Caitlyn had stopped being considered a rookie.
 
  Caitlyn wiped hot tears from her cheeks, chuckled at herself, and slowly stood to her full height, looking across at her reflection. She was thicker around the middle, a little stockier, her shoulders defined. Thanks to Vis workout regimen, her biceps were bigger than she was used to, her legs more muscular.
 
  She wasnt the same woman at 19 whod fallen for a jealous bitch who couldnt handle her star being eclipsed.
 
  She wasnt the same woman whod tolerated having pucks fired at her, whod tolerated being called rook.
 
  Caitlyn inhaled, pressed her palms to the mirror, and stared at her reflection, the battle scars from her fight with Raffi, the elbows shed taken and kept her feet. She exhaled, and felt herself swell, felt the torso that was well toned and hardened form armour around her.
 
  She wasnt ready to talk yet — froze up at the thought.
 
  But she was ready to play.
  
  “Okay, folks,” Taylor from the 
  
    Tayl of the Tape
  
   solo podcast said, “weve got some sports news that were going to be reacting to — you can hear Jacks take on Thursday, but I just wanted to put the cap on news out of Zaun. Weve been monitoring this story pretty closely ever since the Donnybrook between the Sumprats and the Lone Stars, and what were hearing from around the league is that eleven players from both clubs have been handed various fines and misdemeanours, as well as suspensions.
 
  “Now, Ive talked at length about why fiscally punishing professional athletes is a good practice, but the amounts theyre punished are fairly inconsequential — so we wont be focusing on the fines involved for the players. What I want to talk about is the games suspended, and theres some uneven—ness that I find very intriguing.
 
  “First, the big ones: Vi Wickett and Terri Landsman were suspended for three games each. The league ruled that Landsman taunted Vi in an unsportsmanlike manor and was also vulgar on national television, bundled with her past history with losing her temper. Three games might be a bit excessive for a taunting penalty that wasnt called — more on that later — but when you combine the fact that Landsman mimicked a sex act on national television and the clear intent to taunt Wickett, the three games makes sense. Wickett, on the other hand, is a first offender with the league and is a player in good standing — her suspension is solely due to tracking Landsman down in the penalty box and giving her a whooping.
 
  “Which…” Taylor paused, chuckling and wiping at her jaw, “folks, Ive been a Vi Wickett fan for a long time now, and Ive never seen her do 
  
    that
  
  . Whatever Landsman said mustve gotten her heated as all get out.
 
  “But, onto the other penalties. The league office found Mylo and Claggor on the Sumprats to be excessive — especially coming back into the game to keep scrapping after being ejected — and with Claggor being an enforcer and Mylo also having some run—ins with the officials in the past, the league office is saying that both are entitled to five games. Graves, the starting netminder for the Sumprats, also hit defenseman Raffi Cadoukian in the torso with his stick, resulting in a whopping 
  
    fifteen
  
   game suspension that was argued down to eight. The other Sumprats on the ice during the opening tilly arent getting any games — the ruling is that those were just standard hockey brawls.
 
  “Heres where shit gets a little fucky, though, folks. The longest stretch that any Lone Star is going to suffer here is three games — and thats Landsman. The others involved in the brawl are getting, wait for it, two games.”
 
  Taylor paused for a moment, shuffled her papers, and then slammed them on the desk. “Two games.”
 
  “So, this is something that Zaun fans have been saying for most of the month of November — the idea that theyre getting screwed by the league — and here we have actual statistical comparisons to give out. Claggor and Mylo started the opening brawl — a stretch, for sure, but lets say for the sake of argument, that actually happened and they threw the first punches. Even if thats true, the Lone Stars brought a bunch of goons to the ice to start the game, which, in my opinion, is a clear sign of intent. Claggor and Mylo dropped the gloves and hit first, but in my opinion, it was hit first or get hit second, and they chose the former.
 
  “Graves got eight games — fine. But Raffi Cadoukian getting 
  
    nothing
  
  ? A ten thousand dollar fine and a slap on the wrist? The tape clearly shows Raffi smoking Kiramman with his elbow 
  
    three times
  
   before Graves finally snapped. Whats more, Cadoukian had that whole incident in Shurima where he swore at fans — he has priors. But were going to 
  
    fine
  
   him, and then cripple the Sumprats by taking away their starting goaltender for the next eight games?
 
  “Secondly, lets talk about penalties in general, because Ive noticed a pretty disturbing trend. Now, every fanbase — every single fanbase — bitches about calls not going their way, right? But when you have a bias this apparent, it gets people who are inquiring minds — people like me — asking some questions. So I asked myself, hey, who specifically gets penalized on the Sumprats roster?”
 
  Taylor held up a hand to her producer to kill her mic as she coughed a few times, took a large gulp of water, and then came back to the microphone, her hands shaking lightly as she smoothed them on the tabletop.
 
  “We can take five,” the producer said.
 
  Taylor hesitated, shook her head. “Count me back in,” Taylor said.
 
  The producer nodded. “Five, four, three, two…”
 
  He held up one finger, and then pointed.
 
  “The penalty stats,” Taylor said, “in games that the Sumprats play, averaged. Now, I removed penalties for fighting, otherwise Claggor would be way higher on the list than anyone else. This is just in November. Mylo leads with 16 penalty minutes by himself. Claggor with 14, Wickett with 10. By the way, that is the highest mark in a single month that Vi has ever gotten. Ten minutes in one month is ridiculous. Graves with 6 — which is a high penalty mark for a tendie. The rest of the team has handfuls of 2s and 0s, but the top three is where Id like to focus, alongside Graves, because those four were also heavily punished in the Donnybrook.
 
  “Do you know what all four of those players have in common?” Taylor asked, and looked at her producer, swallowing back nerves. The producer nodded, resolute.
 
  “Theyre all born, or spent significant time,” Taylor said, sliding a piece of paper highlighted in yellow towards herself, “in Zaun.”
  
  “Eight games,” Mel snarls into her speakerphone, “eight fucking games? Commissioner, with all due respect, you have to be fucking joking.”
 
  “He has priors,” Commissioner Heimerdingers voice responded, high and squeaky, “and you will watch your tone with me, Miss Medarda.”
 
  “Commissioner,” Mel says, hands pressed to her desk. Sevika is seated at her usual spot, heel of her boot thumping rhythmically against the bookshelf, eyes staring dead ahead, jaw uncharacteristically still. Mels hands are knuckled white against the redwood, her eyes blazing down at her phone as if Heimerdinger was there and staring back, “I am filing a grievance of the highest order at this treatment. You cant allow Raffi Cadoukian away scot free for battering my captain and then turn around and give Graves eight for defending her.”
 
  “Using a stick as a blunt instrument,” Commissioner Heimerdinger said, “could be considered assault with a weapon, Miss Medarda. The league feels—”
 
  “An elbow to the nose is — what, a pillowfight?”
 
  “The league feels as though its been fair, and just, in this issue.”
 
  “Yeah, well, commissioner,” Mel starts, “I dispute that heavily. Our penalty rate for the month of November is three to one, and now youre telling me that my skaters are getting handed harsher punishments than their Lone Star counterparts.”
 
  “Your team started the fight, Miss Medarda.”
 
  “Sir, did you recognize the starting roster on the Lone Stars side?”
 
  “Why, no—”
 
  “Exactly.”
 
  “I thought it was a good chance to get some fresh legs and let them see some ice time.”
 
  “Oh yes, ice time standing over Kiramman and Wickett as theyre face down. It was a hit job, commissioner. You must see that.”
 
  “What I saw, Miss Medarda,” the commissioner says, “was two franchises that would stop at nothing to attempt to hurt one another, and so I must put my foot down for the future. If any more of this… ruffian business occurs during a Lone Stars and Sumprats game, I will be levying fines against the whole roster and front office. I want no more of this.”
 
  As the words echoed in the room, text appeared on the screen:
 
  
    The Donnybrook 
  
  was the highest watched RHL hockey game in ten years.
 
  “We didnt start this, Commissioner, and if the officiating crew had been more involved in the game and more even—handed, the Donnybrook would never have happened. Its a safety issue as much as it is a balance issue.”
 
  “The officiants were operating within their parameters as laid out by the league.”
 
  Mel pauses, drums her fingers on the tabletop. “So,” she begins, “you directed them to penalise us?”
 
  There was silence on the other line as Mels gaze snaps up to the camera lens. Sevika leans further forwards, pressing her elbows to her knees, curling her fists and pressing them to her lips. 
 
  “Not precisely,” Heimerdinger says.
 
  “What does that mean,” Mel asks, carefully neutral, “not precisely?”
 
  “Every year, we hand the officials a collection of what we brand to be troublemakers within the league,” Heimerdinger begins, and Mel slowly lowers herself in her chair as Sevika rises and begins to pace in front of the desk, crossing the screen slowly and surely in long, agitated strides, “in order to align everyones expectations on how the refereeing should go. It seems this year that there were a fair few more than intended.”
 
  A photocopied image appears on the screen — a list that says To the Officiants Office, signed by Heimerdinger. Eleven names from around the league are listed on a watchlist. On the list, graphics highlight nine of the names and list their birthplaces — Zaun. The tenth and eleventh are Graves and Evelyn.
 
  Graphics than appear again, listing that four of the eleven — Vi, Mylo, Claggor, and Graves — are all on the Sumprats. No other team has more than one.
 
  The camera shifts back to the office, with Mel glaring at the phone, Sevikas gum chewing increasing feverishly, agitated marching continuing to get more and more gangly. Viktor, in another corner of the room and unseen before now, begins texting frantically.
 
  “Are you saying,” Mel says, “that we barely broke even in November because of a fucking clerical error?”
 
  The line was quiet.
 
  “You dared,” Mel growls, “open this phone call with a lot of hot gas about how unacceptable the Donnybrook was, and you and your office put their thumb on the scale to 
  
    start
  
   it in the first place?”
 
  More silence.
 
  “Commissioner,” Mel says, “I need you to acknowledge Ive spoken, please.”
 
  “I believe Ive made myself clear,” the commissioner says, and the screen cuts to the beginning of the phone call, timestamped eight minutes earlier. Mel finishes dialling the commissioners office as Lux steps forwards.
 
  “Commissioner, Ms Crownsguard. Just to inform you, sir, that the documentary film crew has you on tape for this phone call and we need your explicit consent to continue.”
 
  “Of course you have it,” the commissioner says, and Lux gives a thumbs up to the camera crew and steps away.
 
  The screen cuts back to Mel staring at the phone, the commissioners words hanging in the air.
 
  “Given the circumstances,” Mel says, “I believe an apology is in order. I would like my goalie back.”
 
  “Were prepared to cut his suspension back down to five games.”
 
  “Done. Thank you.” Mel replies, and clicks the speaker button, whirling to the camera.
 
  “Did you see that?”
 
  “He suddenly remembered—” Sevika snarls.
 
  “You could hear him remember he was on camera,” Mel says, flabbergasted.
 
  “That he was on camera, yeah,” Sevika continues, leaning back in her little seat, “fuck that guy. Fuck that guy so hard.”
 
  “Theres an official paper,” Viktor says, “a friend in the refs office. She just texted it to me.”
 
  Viktor moved to Mels desk, showing the image on his phone to the manager and coach of the Sumprats, their heads bent close.
 
  “Most of these players are Zaunites,” Sevika says, leaning back in disbelief.
 
  Theres a beat, and then a voice — unmicd — speaks from behind the camera. White text — subtitles — record what she says.
 
  POWDER: What?
  
  “Its going to be a rough road,” Diana says at practice, her eyes unfocused, hazy, “without Claggor, Mylo, Vi and Graves. We all kind of feel like we got a bum deal here — the Lone Stars werent nearly this harshly punished.”
 
  She smiles briefly as Leona skates by, the two wearing matching practice sweaters that say Im With Stupid with an arrow pointing in different directions. In the background, Caitlyn is working on her stick handling with Thresh, a complicated looking drill where they bat a puck back and forth and send it to one another in quick, almost blinding movements.
 
  “But were not going to just roll over. We may not be the most skilled players in the RHL, but theres not an ounce of quit on this squad.”
 
  Riven skates behind Diana and sticks her tongue out, making Diana glance over and cackle, take a puck from the ice and flip it at her teammate. Riven bats the puck out of the air and takes off down the ice, limbs moving at a blazing speed as she rounds the net and steals a puck from Darius, weaves it around Poppy.
 
  “Were going to fight,” Diana says, and smiles.
  
  The Artifacts take advantage of the Sumprats depleted roster, manhandling the exhausted, overworked team. Without Claggor and Mylo and Vi to eat minutes, and with Ekko on his second game of a back—to—back without Graves to take the load off of him, the Sumprats were already punching up against a team that had a fairly good core.
 
  Despite the disadvantages, the Sumprats hung in there, trailing by only one goal for most of the game. Ashe scored off of a slick feed from Caitlyn in the slot, bringing her goal totals to twenty on the season, a quick pace. Ashe and Caitlyn celebrated with stick taps, but they didnt go overboard — being down by a goal was nothing to celebrate.
 
  In the last three minutes of the game, Ekko managed to turn away five shots in a row, the sixth sneaking by him on a wobbly wrist shot that just barely missed Caitlyns diving block.
 
  Vi wouldve had it, had blocked a hundred like it.
 
  The Artifacts took the game 3—2, skated back to the home tunnel to the jubilation of their home crowd. Caitlyn repeated the diving block a few times on the ice before exiting. When the plane lauded in Zaun, Caitlyn rushed to the practice rink and repeated it a few more times — a dozen, fifty, a hundred, well into the night.
 
  She dove and dove and dove, facing an invisible shooter, picturing the stick thwacking the ice.
  
  Vi is at the practice rink, shot from an extremely far range — the smaller rink barren of seats or proper lighting as Vi pumps her arms around the blue line, skating from one side to the other of the blue line, working her skates in a criss—crossing motion that left chunks of ice chips flying out behind her. She twisted and rotated so that she was faces the other way, moved, motored, keeps her head up as she completes the drill, is resorted to panting as she looks up at the clock. She skates towards a place where her cell phone is propped against the glass, puts an earbud in as she watches whats on her screen in rapt attention, her chest heaving.
 
  “Come on, Ekko,” her voice echoes in the empty arena, “come on, come on — fuck,” she sighs, and then skates back to the blue line, takes a huge breath, and starts again, sweat flicking out from her hair.
 
  The lens zooms on the propped up cell phone, the Artifacts celebrating as Ekko skates out of his crease, shakes his head. Caitlyn gets to her feet on the tiny screen, rolls her neck on her shoulders as the Artifacts bump gloves.
 
  Vi gasps for breath as she works herself harder and her team loses without her.
  
  They hit the road again to face off against the Wild Cats, and a familiar routine came back. Caitlyn skated across centre ice, head tilted back, and she felt their presence without even having to glance over. Shadowing her was Targons enforcer, a smirk on his face as he matched her movements. Caitlyn closed her eyes again and tipped her head further back, taking in the atmosphere of hockey night in Targon, the reds and browns of the arena colouring filling her mind. It didnt matter that she felt rather than heard every single blade scrape of her large shadow, didnt matter that she was going to get beaten and battered tonight — back to form.
 
  What mattered was that she was doing this — what she loved.
 
  Caitlyn opened her eyes, smiled serenely at the enforcer, and began to skate away.
 
  Her prediction was right — Targon took a play right out of the Vironfist playbook, and decided that their defence was centred around knocking her down. In the first, she ate snow for the second time in a shift as a shoulder hit her behind her net, sending her spinning into the boards and onto her knees, a shockwave firing through her calves as she rushed to gain her feet and charge back into the play. Illaoi took exception when the whistle sounded, and Caitlyn grabbed him by his pads as he tried to skate to confront the offender.
 
  “We cant have you in the box,” she said, and Illaois hot gaze zipped to her.
 
  “Captain, we cant just let them—”
 
  “Were shorthanded, Illaoi,” Caitlyn soothed, tapping Illaois chest, “well get our chance to get back at them, but for now I need you out of the box. Okay?”
 
  Illaoi snorted in frustration, but listened — no retaliation happened.
 
  Caitlyn wound up to shoot at the top of the second and got hit like a freight truck a moment too late, the puck rocketing into the top shelf as she threw her arms up and spun onto the ice. She took a moment to brush herself off daintily as the Sumprats helped her up, Leona breaking off to have a long and detailed conversation with the hitter.
 
  The hitter shoved her, and Leona laughed, skated away and whacked her stick on the ice, glaring daggers at the Wild Cats bench.
 
  “Leona,” Caitlyn called, and Leona shook her head.
 
  “Rights right, captain,” she replied, “Im not watching this all fucking game.”
 
  The second the puck dropped, Leona dropped her gloves and slammed her fist into the Targon enforcers temple just moments after he had shed his own. The two whipped around in centre ice as Caitlyn nervously looked at the scoreboard — 1—0 Sumprats — ran scenarios in her head. Ekko was skating back and forth nervously, jittery, and she skated to him to sooth his frayed nerves as Leona won in a close bout, was escorted to the penalty box.
 
  But without one of their two star defensemen, it wasnt long until the Sumprats were desperately trying to keep the Wild Cats at bay. Caitlyn would shuttle the puck to a teammate and theyd struggle to convert — pucks ringing off of the post or skittering across the tendies pads. Ashe managed a high wrister to stretch the lead to two, but the Wild Cats pressure made the Sumprats buckle, earning two quick answering goals to close the gap.
 
  When the game winner came from a rocket, it was Caitlyn missing the pass by inches, just barely scraping the puck with her stick as it got to the shooter and went right to the back of the net. The Wild Cats added an empty net goal to make it 4—2 as they went home cheerful, and the Sumprats continued to flail.
 
  Tensions were high in the locker room, frustration at missing their main captain, in Caitlyns eyes, missing half of their two man goaltender squad, missing the engine of the team in Mylo and the calming presence of Claggor. Caitlyn didnt know what to say, what to do, with emotions that thick.
 
  “You need to listen to me, Leona,” Caitlyn said, softly, “we needed you out there during that five minutes.”
 
  “We need you out there more,” Leona countered, “and its not worth it to watch some jackoff beat on you for sixty minutes. Fuck that.”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, swallowed, nodded, rose, failed.
 
  Vi wouldve had this.
  
  The last game of the three game stand without Vi was on Sumprats ice, hosting the Artifacts once again. Before the game, Vi came over to Caitlyns for morning skate, milling about the front room as Caitlyn finished getting ready. Vi had been obsessively watching game tape of their last two games, watching Caitlyn try to take on more of the defensive burden that Vi had left.
 
  What shed found, what wouldve once annoyed her, is that Caitlyn Kiramman was a natural at defence. 
 
  She didnt totally know where to be in certain plays, and her hitting was abysmal and her awareness was a little lacking, but she could recognize what was going to happen and read the defence well — a consequence, likely, of her ability to pass on the other end. Her stick control was also good, as was her patience — many times throughout the past two games Caitlyn had unwittingly bailed the Sumprats out of a bad possession by that stick lashing out with precision and reach, knocking the puck away from the zone, forcing the opponent to regroup and re—attack.
 
  Vi studied a family photo as she replayed last night in her head, over and over and over again — Caitlyn clearly keeping the Sumprats from retaliating as she hit the ice again, and again, and again, the Sumprats lack of puck control when Caitlyn being knocked over allowed for chances. The Wild Cats sold out to stop Caitlyn from shooting, so Caitlyn passed.
 
  The strategy worked for the Lone Stars because their entire roster could score, for the most part — Caitlyn having to pass because she was on her ass didnt hamper them much.
 
  But the Sumprats was a team that was built to hit, to defend, to bruise and batter. If Caitlyn was taken out of the race, nobody else — except Ashe — was up to the task to carry the offensive load.
 
  The thought circled her mind again and again until Caitlyn ascended the stairs with a bright grin and wet hair, tossing her bag over her shoulder. There was tiredness there, but Vi only noticed because she was looking.
 
  Caitlyn had logged 41 minutes last night.
 
  “Ready?” Vi asked, instead of asking 
  
    are you okay
  
   or 
  
    dont do anything stupid
  
   or 
  
    just take tonight off, please
  
  . Being suspended, Vi technically wasnt even allowed on Sumprat property at game time, but she couldnt resist the siren call to drive Caitlyn, spend some short amount of time together while they could.
 
  “Sure,” Caitlyn said, smiling, shrugging, “thanks for waiting. I was moving slowly this morning.”
 
  
    Because youre running yourself into the ground,
  
   Vi wanted to say, 
  
    because you play with a focus and determination that Ive never seen from you. Because you talk to your teammates and you keep everyone focused and do exactly what you need to do
  
  .
 
  “It happens to all of us,” Vi said, tapping the C that was sewed into her jacket. Caitlyn tracked the movement, smile freezing as she cocked her head quizzically.
 
  “I guess,” she responded, and Vi smiled back.
  
  The Artifacts had clearly watched the Wild Cats tape, Caitlyn thought as she was dumpstered against the boards by a big burly defender. She managed to squirt the puck to Ashe as she bounced off of the glass and collapsed to her knees, Ashes shot deflecting off of the chest protector of the goaltender as he covered up for the whistle.
 
  The Artifacts defenseman reached down with his glove and hauled Caitlyn to her feet, a sheepish grin on his face as she smirked back, lifted a shoulder, skated back towards her bench. Poppy was staring into space, shaking her head at herself, repeating motions over and over.
 
  Shed fumbled two pucks in the offensive zone, blown two breakaways, and she was spiralling.
 
  “Hey,” Caitlyn said, clacking their sticks together, and mimed shaking her shoulders. Poppys eyes darted to the bruise on Caitlyns cheek from hitting the boards, the snow on her jersey, and inhaled, shook it off.
 
  “One play at a time,” Sevika was saying as they got back to the bench, “one possession at a time. The whole league wants to see you crumble.”
 
  A modified version of Hot Girl Shit, with Thresh — looking incredibly awkward — standing in for Vi, took the ice, skated to the faceoff circle. As the refs were getting ready, Caitlyn caught Ashes eye, nodded towards the crowd. The scoreboard read 4—1 in favour of the Artifacts, the game long put away.
 
  But the Sumprats arena was stubbornly full, feet stomping, clapping in rhythm.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS
  

  Clap, clap, clap—clap—clap.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS
  

  Clap, clap, clap—clap—clap.
 
  “Finish strong, ladies,” Leona called, and Ashe and Caitlyn shared a smile, digging deeper into their positions. Thresh won the faceoff, and in less than a second, Caitlyn had the puck placed right in front of Ashes right skate to bury it home in the bottom corner of the net.
 
  The crowd went ballistic, even though the Sumprats were still down by two, even though there wasnt enough time left in the game to come back. Ashe still hugged Caitlyn and Thresh with each arm, grinned at them as she rubbed her helmet against her teammates.
 
  “Zaun forever, baby,” Ashe said, and Caitlyn laughed, looking at the crowd standing and cheering and slamming the boards.
 
  “Zaun forever,” Caitlyn said through her grin.
 
  The Artifacts put the game to bed with a power play goal, making the final score 5—2. Despite it, the Sumprats were in high spirits as they headed back into the locker room, buoyed by the great crowd and the knowledge that their captain was coming back, their best defender was going to lend a hand against the red—hot Shadow Isles Assassins.
 
  The league wasnt against them anymore, they had the city behind them — and things were looking up.
  
  Vi was sitting in her living room, a bowl of peanuts on her lap as she watched a TV show about some actors that were half in love with one another but didnt know it yet when her phone buzzed. She checked the time first — just after midnight — before picking the phone up and unlocking it without looking at the message, focused on the tension on the screen as one of the leads — kind of a Butch lesbian with tats — made up an outrageous lie to keep seeing the willowy femme one.
 
  Idly, she glanced at the message, and her whole body froze.
 
  Caitlyn

  What are you wearing?
 
  Vi frowned, thumbs slowly framing the phone in long, slow caresses, mulling over her options. It would no doubt be some form of mistake, engaging with this. Caitlyn was the one who had established the Rule, Caitlyn was the one with baggage around teammates, Caitlyn was the one who—
 
  —had legs to the fucking sky, and had played so hard the past few games without Vi at her side, and had logged 38 minutes in a loss on home ice, and was going to head into the Assassins game. She was probably just tense. She just needed to relieve some tension. A little buddy e—fucking between… pals.
 
  Vi

  Nothing but a smile, cupcake.
 
  That was the furthest thing from the truth — she was wearing her Loony Tunes T—shirt that shed had since her rookie year, and frayed Batman PJs that were more a light grey then the black theyd been when she had originally gotten them. But if she couldnt t ake advantage of the medium, then what was the point?
 
  There was a period of silence before Caitlyn responded.
 
  Caitlyn

  A smile and your tattoos?
 
  Vi

  you got it
 
  Caitlyn

  I really like the tattoos. I dont know if Ive ever said that.
 
  Vi

  I know it — theyre a big hit
 
  Vi finished sending that last text, then shifted so she was a little more comfortable on the couch, lying across it as opposed to sitting on it. She placed the bowl of peanuts on the coffee table, shifted herself around again, waited for the response.
 
  When it came, it made her jaw drop.
 
  Caitlyn

  Do you know what a hex—vibe is?
 
  Vi frowned, tabbed out to google it quickly. Her brows raised when she saw the description — 
  
    remote controlled vibrator for her pleasure
  
  . Also seemed to fit around the clit so that it could allow for penetration.
 
  Interesting.
 
  Vi

  Ive never played with one before — google tells me its a rc vibe?
 
  Caitlyn

  Would you like to?
 
  Vi wet her lips, tapped 
  
    d—u—h
  
  , and then put the phone down to rub her hands over her face, digging her callouses deeper into the grooves of her face. She hit send when she was more composed, shifting again, feeling hot, uncomfortable.
 
  Caitlyn sent her a link, and clicking it brought her to a small menu styled in black and red — 
  
    Sumprat colours,
  
   a stupid fucking part of her brain helpfully supplied — with a dot that she could slide for intensity, tempo that she could control, and even a link to hook it up to her music app in order to do… something.
 
  The little chatroom in the corner lit up with Caitlyn saying 
  
    ready
  
  , and Vis thumb hovered over the start button.
 
  
    can i call you?
  
   Vi typed into the chat.
 
  On the second ring, Caitlyn answered, an unsteady breath into the phone.
 
  “Are you sure?” Vi asked, her voice gravelly, low, seeking. Caitlyn inhaled at the sound, and that made 
  
    Vi
  
   more sure than shed ever been.
 
  “Please,” Caitlyn murmured back, and Vi shifted onto her haunches, curling her legs beneath her. She shuffled her left knee out so there was some more give to it when it groaned in pain, her senses more alert, focused.
 
  “Do you want me to control you?” Vi asked, leaning into what she thought Caitlyn wanted, and Caitlyn sighed into the phone.
 
  “I do, if — if thats okay,” Caitlyn began, “Id be happy to return the favour, but—”
 
  “Youve worked,” Vi whispered, “
  
    so fucking hard
  
  , cupcake. Let me take care of you.”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled again — that breathy little sigh that Vi swore shed never heard before. She added a keening whine to it when Vis fingers pressed the 
  
    start
  
   button on the app, a low, distant buzzing heard in the background as Vi shifted again. She had the urge to undress, but she resisted.
 
  This wasnt about her. Not this time.
 
  “Someone likes to be controlled,” Vi cooed as she moved the dial on the app, making Caitlyns gasps increase, grow ragged, spike higher. “I bet youre picturing me holding you down, huh, Cupcake?”
 
  “Yes,” Caitlyn replied breathlessly.
 
  “Just working you over, inch by inch, keeping you strung out and taking you.”
 
  “God, yes,” Caitlyn moaned.
 
  Vis thumb slid higher on the tempo, and she could almost picture Caitlyns hips rocking, bucking into the air. She could almost see Caitlyn spread out beneath her, maybe cuffs or rope on her wrists, fulfilling that 
  
    restrained
  
   promise that Caitlyn had hinted at all those weeks ago, before theyd found out that they were teammates, co—captains. That version of Vi — the version of Vi that had thought nothing of mockingly saying 
  
    October
  
   like Caitlyn was her plaything — wouldve been taken aback by this Vi.
 
  The Vi that monitored Caitlyns sounds and gasps carefully, increasing pleasure here, reducing it there in order to keep Caitlyn panting into her ear.
 
  The Vi that asked 
  
    do you want to beg me
  
   over the phone, the Vi that flushed when Caitlyns 
  
    yes
  
   came repeated, panting, pleading.
 
  The Vi that listened to Caitlyns breath recede in the afterglow, the Vi that brightened when Caitlyn laughed, said 
  
    phew
  
  , and made the sounds of snuggling deeper into the mattress — the scrapes and shudders of the phone line as she burrowed in.
 
  “Im sorry for calling so late,” Caitlyn said, apology dripping into her tone, “I know that youre an early bird.”
 
  “You kidding?” Vi asked, “For this, Id stay awake all night, Cupcake. Call anytime.”
 
  “I feel like Im using you to scratch an itch,” Caitlyn murmured, sleep heavy in her voice.
 
  “Its my pleasure,” Vi responded, “to be used. Im told Im a great backscratcher.”
 
  Vi listened to the sounds of Caitlyns lips parting briefly, before a stuttered breath, the sound of words choked back, kept down in a throat.
 
  “Id better go clean up,” Caitlyn said, “before I pass out. Thanks, Vi. Ill see you tomorrow.”
 
  “See you tomorrow,” Vi muttered, and the line went dead.
 
  Vi tipped her head back, pressed the cell phone to the side of her face for a second, feeling the cool glass on flushed cheeks. Then, she slid her hand into her grey Batman pyjamas and relieved her own tensions.
  
  “Okay,” Sevika says, glaring at the camera before addressing the Sumprats in the tunnel, the 
  
    ladies and gentlemen
  
   speech erupting from the announcer above them, around them, “were down a few key pieces. We have Vi back, but Ekkos on four games in a row — four tough games — and has held up amazingly despite it all.”
 
  A few sticks tap against Ekkos pads as he nods, bright determination on his features.
 
  “Weve got this club again at the end of the month,” Sevika says, “and well be full fucking strength. Nows the chance to show them what were going to be like at full Sumprats power. Until then, box in your shooters. Challenge everything. Keep the play in front of you. This team likes to score — loves to run it up in any way they can — but theyre soft. Work the lumber. Were not getting in a track meet — make them play our game.”
 
  “Ive got KaiSa,” Vi says, rocking back and forth, eyes steely and blue.
 
  “Make room for Caitlyn and Ashe out there. Weve got to keep it as tight as we can. Everyone know their orders?”
 
  The Sumprats erupt in yes coach!
 
  “Lets go to work,” Sevika says, and the Sumprats begin to charge down the tunnel as the announcer calls 
  
    YOUR ZAUN SUMPRAAAAATS.
  
 
  The scene changes to a broadcast of the game, Vi Wickett and KaiSa exchanging a few words before the opening puck drop, both smiling. A lower third displays KaiSa as not having a pointless game since the start of the season. Another lower third appears below Vi, showing her as a defensive player of the year candidate. The screen erupts in RHL branded graphics, calling it the matchup of the game.
 
  The screen shifts to Caitlyn and Ashe, working the pucks in the slot and taking a few warmups on Ekko, the lower third erupting on them as the leading scorers on the Sumprats, and third and second in the league — with both on a points streak almost as long as KaiSas.
 
  It shifts once more to the Assassins goaltender, Braum Doorman, whose pads are painted like an ancient copper and oak door, complete with knocker on the knees and thick black lines where the different planks are. The lower third displays his name with his save percentage — the highest in the league, with more shutouts than any other goaltender. He grins from behind his mask, his moustache thick and burly.
 
  For the first time in three long games, Hot Girl Shit takes the ice — against the Shadow Isles Assassins scoring line, tension in every fibre of their being. The puck drops.
  
  Ekko sprawled in his crease as the red light above him flashes, Vi on her knees and sliding as KaiSa raises her arms above her head in a celebration.
  
  Doormans glove snagging a high slapper by Ashe for the coverup, his grin still beaming from behind his mask as Ashes jaw drops in disbelief.
  
  A breakaway chance by KaiSa barely broken up at the last minute by Vis flashing stick, the loose puck corralled with efficient movements, a no—look pass to Caitlyn as the Sumprats counter—attack.
  
  KaiSa out—deking Vi to fire a blast from the slot that Ekko barely keeps a lid on.
  
  A Shadow Isles player banking in the rebound past Ekkos flailing skate, roaring in a battle cry as Illaoi climbs to her feet behind him.
  
  Caitlyn just barely sneaking by a snipe from the blue line against Doorman, who lets out a belly laugh and points at Caitlyn in congratulations as the rifle shot sound effect plays.
  
  Ekko slumped in his crease as the goal light behind him flashes again, the Assassins players in a celebratory pile.
  
  Ashe getting stone cold robbed of an easy goal by a diving Doorman, the belly laugh sounding again as Ashe shakes her head in disbelief, whacking the boards with her stick as she skates back to the bench.
  
  Diana getting roughed up behind the net, leading to a breakaway that KaiSa cashes in over Ekkos blocker, a carefree laugh erupting from her throat.
  
  The scoreboard flashing:
 
  Assassins: 4
  

  

  Sumprats: 1
  

  

  
    End of the 1st period.
  
  
  KaiSa sat at the podium with her hair in a sleek tail, listening to the reporters as they settled into the room. The score had been 7—1 in the Assassins favour — it had been over early, and over by a landslide.
 
  “I have a lot of respect for this team,” KaiSa said, on her mentality when facing against the Sumprats, “I have a lot of respect for any Kiramman and Wickett team — you need to come to work against them because theyre not going to take you lightly. Theyre also on home turf, and this crowd is amazing — they were so enthusiastic, even late in the game.”
 
  “Well, I dont know if thats fair to say,” KaiSa said, on if the Sumprats pose a threat later in the season, “because we havent truly played the Sumprats yet. Theyre down three important members of their team, and were coming in hot. Well see them again at the end of the month — maybe things will be more on an even keel then.”
 
  “Shes done some incredible things,” KaiSa said, on Caitlyn Kiramman, “and deserves her MVP status. Her ice time is crazy — the other night she logged over forty, I think? Shes an incredible player, and this team deserves a lot of credit for unleashing her.”
 
  “Even when youre on a good scoring night,” KaiSa said, on Vi Wickett, “Vi makes you work for it. I know the scoreboard says one thing, but those were tough goals to score on this club. They bang you around and send a message that nothing comes easy. It was a challenge, and we came away on the right side of the challenge today.”
 
  “I look forward to playing them again,” KaiSa said, and smiled, “seeing what they can really do.”
  
  Sevika and Viktor sit with Caitlyn and Vi, the four of them each holding onto two fingers of whiskey in a lowball glass, staring into their own spot of space. Sevika sips hers slowly as the door batters open, Mel Medarda joining the foursome, grabbing a bottle on the table, a plastic cup she carried with her, and pours herself a healthy amount, sits next to Sevika, takes a long gulp.
 
  “Weve lost to the Knights,” Mel says, “now the Assassins. We have to go through those clubs in order to get the cup.”
 
  Sevika nods, sipping at her drink slowly. “That was a shelling,” she says, shaking her head, “we dont have enough shooters out there. Doorman was hot, but just Caitlyn, just Ashe, may not be enough.”
 
  “We werent at full strength,” Viktor hedges. “With Claggor and Mylo, we can maybe—”
 
  “Claggor opens up defensive matchups,” Sevika says, “might stop the bleeding more. Mylo can pass and can get the puck to the stick it needs to go to. But without scoring…”
 
  Vi glares at her glass, finishes it off in a long swallow, and rises. Her and Caitlyn are still in their hockey gear as she heads for the exit, skate blades biting deep into the carpeted floor. Caitlyn sets her whiskey aside undrank, rises to follow.
 
  “Where are you going?” Mel asks.
 
  “To work,” Vi answers, without looking over her shoulder as the two disappear out the door.
 
  The room is left with the two coaches and the general manager, staring at their whiskeys, contemplating the ceiling, the carpet, the chairs.
 
  “Trade deadline,” Mel says, “is in March. We have plenty of time to bolster our scoring before then.”
 
  Sevikas lips twist. “We just found our identity, settled in. Theres nobody on the roster we can lose to make room for a goal scorer — not without shaking up our lineup considerably.”
 
  Viktor nods, swirls his whiskey, takes a sip, makes a face.
 
  “Rock and a hard place,” Viktor sighs, then — “we were shorthanded. Well see them again, and then we can take a look at options.”
 
  “Well see them again,” sighs Sevika, rolling her shoulders.
 
  Slowly, the camera pans to the Sumprats logo on the floor, staring back, grinning and one—eyed.




  “Carrie,” Janine barked, “that creepers in front of the Kiramman house again.” “Hm?” said Carrie, carefully slapping a well—worn deck of cards on top of another deck of cards, building her structure slowly and carefully. Janine huffed, turned from her window in front of the sink to address her wife of 17 years fully, tits to tits. “That creeper with the camera,” Jan repeated, “is in a white van on the street, waiting for Ms Kiramman to come out.” Carrie paused, blinking up owlishly through thick lenses, her features morphing from confusion to realisation. “Again?” “Thats what Im saying, Carrie. Hes out there again.” “Its not right,” Carrie huffed, rising from her seat to go put her coat on, “the way they harass her like this. Just let the girl live her life.” “Youre just protective of her because she bakes good shortbread,” Jan harrumphed, but she too was pulling her boots on against the December chill in Zaun, snowfall on the horizon for the first time —  real  snowfall. Shed need to remember to remind Caitlyn about shovelling — perhaps she could call Lennys boy from across the street to keep an eye out. The two wives trumped out bundled up, and began to cross the street. Old Gene was on his rocking chair in a wife beater and snow pants, slowly rocking back and forth as he puffed on a cigarette. He took the stick out of his mouth to address Jan — as was proper. “Morning, Jan, Carrie,” Old Gene said, “you fixin to do something about that van?” “Eyesore, is what it is,” Carrie called back. “Did we not tell them to move it last time?” Janine grumbled. “Whats that, doll?” Old Gene asked. “I said,” Janine repeated, “did we not tell them to move it last time?” “Sure nuff,” Old Gene replied, “we did indeed. You know these non—Zaunites, though, persistent as ticks and twice as annoyin.” Carrie cackled as she approached the white van — the driver seat empty — and pounded on the side with the flat of her hand. There was a pause before the back door opened and a scrawny man with patchy hair on his face poked his head out. “Yes?” he snarled. “Youre parked in a no parking zone,” Carrie replied, “we need you to move.” “I am not,” the man snapped, “I looked it up last time you told me that. Im allowed to park here.” “Says who?” Janine asked as Old Gene yelled “What did he say, Jan?” “He says hes allowed to park here, he looked it up.” “Well, thats the citys rule, sure,” Old Gene replied, “but it aint the neighbourhoods.” “There are kids that live here,” Carrie said, keeping her voice pleasant, “and mister, youre sitting in a white van with a camera — thats all were trying to say. Wed greatly appreciate it if you moved along.” “Ive got a legal right to be here,” the man replied. “Oh sure,” Jan said, as Old Gene yelled “What did he say, Jan?” Jan huffed, turned back to Old Gene. “He says he has a legal right to be here, Gene. Why dont you come on over here to save me some hollering?” “My sciatica is acting up — gotta keep rocking. Doctor says it keeps my quad engaged.” “Thats important,” Carrie called, “you keep rocking, Gene.” “Look,” the man began, as another door opened and Lenny poked his head out — a burly construction worker, blinking in the daylight. Lenny worked nights down at the ravine, building a new mine to extract precious minerals from beneath the earth. Janine thought he was a crude man, but hed raised four boys with his lovely wife Martha, and he would grouch at you the entire time he was digging you out of six feet of snow or giving you a ride three hours to a family dinner. “Hey, dickhead,” Lenny called, clearly talking to the man in the white van, “some of us dont work nine to fives. Keep it down.” “Im not doing  anything  ,” the man fired back, ignoring Old Genes  what did he say, Jan?  in the background, “its these people doing all the yelling.” “He said,” Jan called to Old Gene, “that hes not doing anything and that were the ones making racket.” “We wouldnt yell if the van wasnt there,” Old Gene pointed out. “They wouldnt be yelling if youd move your ass,” Lenny confirmed in a rough shout, “so just do it.” “I have a legal right to be here,” the man said. “What did he say, Jan?” “If you guys have a problem with it—” “What did he say, Jan?” The man inhaled slowly, exhaled. “You know,” Carrie said brightly, “were all mostly retired, here. Except Lenny putting his boys through college. We have nothing but time to discuss the finer points of this debate.” “Plenty of time,” Jan confirmed, gesturing to Lennys house, “except Lenny. Lenny would probably appreciate it if you moved.” “Im out here rocking most days,” Old Gene called helpfully. Lenny just glared. The man hissed out a frustrated curse, slammed the van doors closed. It rocked and squeaked for a moment before the man emerged in the drivers seat and started the engine. As the Van rumbled off, Lennys eyes opened fully, dropping the just—woke—up act. Old Gene stopped rocking his chair and rose to his feet to stretch his back, and the four neighbours met at the middle of their driveways, watching the van disappear over a gentle slope. “The old neighbours trick always gets em,” Lenny said, grinning. “Were getting quite good at this,” Old Gene chortled, and then added in his wavering old man voice, “What did he say, Jan?” Jan slapped his shoulder with a grin. “That was gold. It took so much to keep from laughing the whole time.” Carrie frowned. “Do you think Ms Caitlyn should put a fence up? We might not be here all the time.” “Thats a good idea. I could whip that together,” Lenny said, and then quietly, shyly, added, “can someone ask her for me?” “Shes just a person,” Carrie said, shaking her head. “Shes the best player in the RHL, Care,” Lenny responded, “far more than just a person. My boys all want to marry her or be her — depending on who you ask.” “Shes very much a lesbian,” Old Gene laughed, “thats highly unlikely to happen.” “Being a kid is all about crushing on people you dont have a shot with,” Lenny said wistfully, “weve told them so many times but theyre undeterred.” “Ill ask her when I see her next,” Jan put in, “and we should talk to her about keeping the warmer on her engine and snow shovelling in the winter.” “Oh, Joeys doing it for her,” Lenny replied, referencing his oldest, “hes back from school for December so hell keep an eye out. Shes paying him.” Jan nodded, glanced over at the duplex that housed Caitlyn Kiramman, captain of the Sumprats, and thought about what a great year this had been so far. “Thats great to hear,” she said, “anything we can do to keep her focused on her—” 
  Run at the Cup.
 December Part Two: …and a Hard place 
   Quote Not Available 
  
   2008 — Rookie Year 
 “So what do you think?” Vi asked, bouncing on her heels as Vander and Powder turned in a circle around her Ionian bungalow. It was a small house — two bedroom, one bath, with an unfinished basement that housed her laundry and a few wooden shelves where she could store canned foods and shit. Elora had found it near the bottom of her price range, a sensible purchase on Vis salary. Even with one of the bottom salaries of the RHL, Vi was making more money than shed ever  seen . “Its well insulated, itll save me on heating,” Vi said, watching as Powder began to wander the space, eyes wide and excited as Vanders gaze was hard, squinting, her hands shoved deep into his pockets. His silence provoked Vis further verbal onslaught as she showed off the modest light fixtures, the shoddy railing leading to the basement (“Its not clay piping — the plumbing. I already checked.”) the one car garage where her sensible SUV was parked — an older model, spots of rust already decorating the wheel wells. “This is so cool,” Powder gushed, “Vi, Im going to visit, like,  all the time.” Vi grinned,  tugged on Powders long braid, and watched Vander watch her, swallowed back something nameless, and pointed Powder into her second bedroom — what Vi thought of as Powders room. “Youre way over budget,” Vander said, fists still in his pockets, and something cold coiled in Vis stomach at the way he didnt even look at her. “Im not. Not at all. Elora helped me find something at the low end of offers. Its just a starter home for now—” “A starter home,” Vander interrupted, exhaling harshly out of his nostrils, eyes rolling upwards towards the ceiling. “I wonder what an ending home looks like.” Vi remembered cramped one bedroom apartments, moving every year as Vander struggled to keep his coaching jobs, chasing his dreams of being involved in the sport he adored. Hed never made it pro — never made it to college on a scholarship, never gotten a job above a high school level. But he loved hockey — loved it so much and so fiercely that he never wanted to leave it. Vi sometimes wondered if it loved him back. “Look,” Vi said, hesitating, “Dad, I know that youve got roots back in Zaun, but I was thinking—” “No, Vi,” Vander said immediately. “But theres so much room,” Vi pleaded, “you and Powder could move here, Powder could enroll in a good, Ionian school for the next few years, get a better shot at a scholarship to go to film school — we could make something good here, live comfortably. I can sleep on the couch for the first few years — it wont be a problem.” “Vi—” “No, listen — and then when I get my next contract, when I make it big, we can get houses wherever you want. You can live in the Summer Isles and fly to meet us whenever. Powder can start her film company up and we can—” “We cant depend on your success,” Vander said, deadly calm, “youre not even sure you can make it past your first contract.” Vi deflated, shoulders slumping as she stared at him. “Elora says that I have a strong chance.” “Elora has her best interests in mind, and only her best interests,” Vander said, “I wish youd consulted with me before hiring her. I wish youd consulted with me before youd done  any  of this.” “But Elora— lots of people in the league say that you should buy within your range to start, something solid to build on.” “Im not taking a handout from my 19 year old daughter, Violet. Im not uprooting your sister from her friends and school only for you to flame out of the league in two years. As for you paying for school, I thought that was part of the deal.” Vis face was white, her fists trembling lightly, gaze refusing to run from Vanders as he levelled her with his  patient  stare. “You think Im going to flame out?” Vi asked, and hated her voice for wobbling. Vander sighed. “Vi, youve got a temper. Youre going to be alone for the first time in your life — I have to be realistic.” “Realistic,” Vi repeated, and shoved her hands in her own pockets, mirroring Vanders stance. Years of taking hits, studying hockey players, learning to watch film and regimented workouts, years and years of hand me down equipment and patience and studying in school in case she didnt get drafted. Years of being the poor kid with the third hand gloves that wobbled when she spread her fingers. “Powder,” Vander called, and then looked at Vi, “were going. Its a nice house, Vi. Maybe well do the Solstice here this year. We have a plane to catch — Pows got homework.” “Its so cool,” Powder gushed, gripping Vis wrist and squeezing, “you have so much room!” Vi smiled, shaking off the conversation as she squeezed Powders shoulder. “Ill fly you out whenever you need me to. Say the word, okay?” The front door banged as Vander left, and Vi flinched at the sound, gaze jerking to the door before sliding back to Powder. “I might say the word often,” Powder warned, eyes tracking where Vi had just looked and rolling her eyes, “hes getting… unbearable.” “Hes going through a lot,” Vi said dismissively, and squeezed Powder in a hug as Vanders car horn sounded. “I love you, kid sister,” Vi said, smiling. “Blech,” Powder grunted, then murmured, “I love you too.”  A few errant coughs in the press room as an aide steps to a podium, lowers a mic stand considerably, pulls out a measuring tape to examine its height before lowering it a few more inches, and then places a small step stool behind the podium — movements quick, efficient. From the angle the lens is capturing the scene, the back of the podium is visible — an angle that most of the gathered press on the other side cant see. The camera pans out wider to show a packed room — including Spaghetti Teddy, Taylor Swiffer, and John “Jack” Jackson, mingling in the packed room. The RHL logo hangs from blue banners behind the podium as the aide steps away to speak into his wrist for a moment. In a blur of movement, Commissioner Heimerdinger erupts from behind the curtain, trailed by Assistant Commissioner Skye and a few other suited individuals. Heimerdinger steps up the stepstool until standing at the microphone stand, glowering through thick eyebrows towards the press. The microphone is just slightly too high for him as he begins to speak, his voice tinny, echoey. The aide steps forwards again, angles it downwards, and the commissioner gives him an angry glare before clearing his throat, tapping his paperwork. “Good evening,” he begins, “its come to our attention at the RHL head office that there has been a malpractice of officiating throughout the month of November — a situation that were hastening to rectify.” Sevika is leaning back in an armchair, her legs stretched out in front of her. Mel is at her side, biting her thumbnail as they watch a television filled with the commissioners speech. Viktor emerges in the corner of the frame, dipping a tea bag in and out of his coffee mug, walking on crutches — his leg bothering him significantly more lately. “The RHL season is an ever changing organism, and were committed to giving the best product to both the fans at home and the teams on the ice, night in and night out. Sometimes, this requires day to day, month to month adjustments of our refereeing teams. We will not be repeating the same parameters we operated under in November.” Sevika snorts as she chews her gum, and Mels teeth bite into her thumb harder, her eyes blazing as she produces a cell phone, presses a button. Back in the press room, Teddy pulls his phone out, face hardening, and he shows his phone to Jack, who leans over to look. “There is speculation that this was a purposeful move by the head office in order to raise some organisations over others, and were here to deny, denounce, and squash these rumours. We at the RHL believe in parity above all, and we have always championed the ideal that a fair league — a competitive league — is the healthiest league.” Jack rises to his feet and raises his hand as the commissioner shifts papers. When the commissioner looks back up, Jacks hand is raised, face hard, eyes gleaming. “Well have questions at the end, Johnathan,” Heimerdinger said. Subtitles appear as Jack speaks, the microphone not picking up his words: JACK: So if there was a report— “Questions at the end,” Heimerdinger repeats. JACK: If — if there was a report, say, of who refs were to officiate harder, youd be surprised by that? Heimerdinger hesitates as the assorted press glance around, a few microphones swinging over towards Jack as he folds his arms. “What was that?” Heimerdinger asks. “If there was a report,” Jack says, now micd, “regarding officiating players more harshly in order to influence the final product, youd be surprised to hear that?” Heimerdinger pauses, drums his fingers, and doesnt look away from Jack. “My office,” Heimerdinger says, “examines officiating reports incredibly closely. There is nothing that goes in or out of that office that my team doesnt examine closely.” “I have a report here,” Jack says, “of eleven skaters across the league to be watched closely for rule breaking, which reads as instruction to penalise them harsher than their fellow players.” “Thats no more than language—” Heimerdinger starts. “Nine of them are from Zaun, Mr. Commissioner. Four of them are on the same team.” “Thats no more than language intended to convey our goals.” “Right,” Jack says, “Im not disputing that.” “If youre accusing me of bias, Jonathan,” Heimerdinger says, “youre standing on rocky ground, and Id tread carefully.” “I didnt accuse you of anything,” Jack says, and this time, for the first time in all the footage shown, Jacks Zaun accent peeks through, the carefully trained media persona washing away, “youre the one defending yourself. Im pointing out where the people on this report are born.” “Our job is to protect the players on the ice,” Heimerdinger snaps, “and if there are players in our league that are a threat to that—” “Woah,” Jack says, raising his hands as the Zaun media members suddenly shoot to their feet and add their voices to the room. Heimerdinger pauses at the microphone as questions begin sailing from the room, shouted over the feedback of microphones suddenly overloaded. Heimerdinger stares for a few moments, turns, and hops off his stool to retreat, leaving Skye with a room full of angry reporters buzzing like bees. Skye hesitates, then steps up to the microphone, quickly pulling the stepping stool out of the way as she grips the podium, raising a hand. The reporters start to quiet down. “The commissioner has indicated that I will finish this briefing,” Skye says as the reporters volume is reduced to a low consistent mumble. There are a few beats of silence as the assembled reporters wait for Skye to speak. Skye stares at Jack; Jack stares back. “Th—thank you for your time,” Skye says, and disappears behind the curtain as the reporters explode in noise once again. The footage cuts back to the meeting room, where Mel, Sevika, and Viktor stand, staring at the television as the signal cuts and is replaced by two stunned ESPN anchors, nervously shuffling papers. Viktor is the first to react, and the sound of a mug smashing into ceramic pieces is accompanied by a splash of brownish water on the television screen.  “Right,” Sevika said on the ice, slapping a meaty hand on Caitlyns practice pads, “this is CaitSa, say hello.” The team smirked, called out  hi, CaitSa  as Caitlyn cringed a little with a self—deprecating smile. She was wearing KaiSas jersey number — 80 — and had a little red star pinned to her jersey, hovering at the blue line as the assembled Sumprats knelt to listen to Sevikas instructions. “CaitSa here,” Sevika said, “is going to be simulating KaiSa in practice for the next three weeks. For the next three weeks well be working a Shadow Isles Assassins practice drill into every single practice we do, gearing up for the end of the month. Were going to get used to the way she initiates plays, the way she works the puck down low, how many breakaways she generates on her own. Then, when it comes to game time, well be able to have a fighting chance.” Vi watched Caitlyn curiously, and Caitlyn had to avert her eyes, uncomfortable with the attention — especially in front of the assembled teammates who were  also  watching her. Caitlyn and KaiSa had matched up time in and time out — Vi, too, was well used to the Shadow Isles phenoms antics — so there was a working knowledge of how she worked, how she shot, the way she read the ice. Vi wouldve taken on the KaiSa personality, but KaiSa was primarily a scorer, so Caitlyns skillset was more applicable. “Were also going to amp up our training,” Sevika said, “because weve fallen behind. Weve been without the core of our team for most of the months games, and weve lost almost two weeks of games because of it. The losing stops here, and now. Theres eight games between now and the rematch with the Assassins, and I want us firing on all cylinders.” Caitlyn nodded along with her team, shot a small, private smile towards Vi. Reassurance, guidance — something. A little moment of connection that the pink haired woman noticed and returned, made Caitlyns belly feel a little warmer, a little less jumpy.  The last few weeks had been hard on the team, but it was hardness that tempered the team in solidarity rather than testing their limits. The Sumprats were able to focus their frustration on the league — the nebulous them versus the heroic us. Before, they were a team of misfits that the league hadnt thought much of, left to wash ashore by their old teams. Now, they were a team that the league office was actively conspiring against, and that made a league of difference. When the Sumprats came to practice, there was still the joviality and ribbing of friends, but it took on an air of caring, of genuinely checking on one another, lifting each other up. They didnt give any quarter in scrimmages and they held each other to the standard of a player on the team, but they did it with camaraderie and excitement, eager to get better, to prove the doubters wrong. Riven and Caitlyn both got faster, pushing each other in small footraces, keeping them fresh. When Vi worked through hits with Illaoi, they tried to rattle the boards as hard as possible. Leona took Thresh and Poppy to practise slapshots against a garage door, tried to make holes in it instead of dents. Darius started bringing his kids to practise, to team functions — just to bolster their spirits. Dale, the oldest, was nine, and his dads Sumprats jersey hung off of him like a tent and flapped when he raced up and down the Sumprats arena aisles with the skaters on the ice. Darius himself started taking everyone who would take faceoffs for lessons, the wily vet knowing all the tips and tricks for winning the draw. Hed shown Caitlyn that sometimes you could get away with pivoting your body so that your stick was touching your opponents, get  just  enough of an edge to influence things your way. When Graves had returned to the roster, the first thing hed done is walk up to Ekko and let the smaller man lean on him, the weight transfer, the  relief  in Ekkos shoulders, palpable in the room. Ekko had been in net for six losses in a row, and it had eaten at him — despite being a hero between the pipes for Zaun game in and game out, his workload had been insane. Still, hed tried and fought and kept them in more games than hed squandered. “Youre a fucking gladiator,” Graves had said, gripping the back of Ekkos head to look into his eyes, “and nobody will ever be able to say you didnt fucking fight out there. Let me give you a break.” “Dont get sappy on me, old man,” Ekko had responded, but had smiled, grateful. They were all together again, and Caitlyn marvelled about how much it felt like a reunion — family coming home. She found herself staring at Vi a lot over the stretch, marvelling at how the smaller woman flitted in and out of conversations, keeping them focused but friendly, keeping their tasks small and clear. Now, she found herself staring again. Vi noticed, stared back. Soft smiles lit both of their lips, even as Sevika outlined a drill for the team — a drill that Vi and Caitlyn had helped create, knew like their own gloves. Out of the corner of her eye, Riven slid slightly to the right, the back of her jersey blocking a camera lens that Caitlyn had forgotten was there. “Everyone get it?” Sevika asked. The team let out a  yes, coach  as they rose to their skates and took up positions. “Lets get to work,” Sevika grunted, and popped a fresh stick of gum into her mouth.  Mylos shoulder slams into an opposing skater as his laugh echoes throughout the studio, his gaze whirling to try and pick up the play as he skates back to the centre of the defensive zone, eyes whipping around to try and track the puck. “Ive always been underestimated,” Mylos voice says, “I think thats kind of my superpower. Like, be honest, I resemble a drowned otter without my pads with crazy poofy hair. Nobody really expects me to be a bona fide hockey player.” The crowd roars around him as he flips his hips to stay in front of an opposing skater, his stick skimming along the ice like a skipped stone, cracking against his opponents stick and knocking the puck free as he whirls and passes it — hard — to Diana to start the counter attack. “Im on the small side, Im weak, I dont have the shooting skills or the head for defence, but theres one thing I can do, and do well.” Mylo is sitting in the interview room in a long sleeve t—shirt with sumprats designed all over it, roaring and squirming and swearing as they crawl along an RHL logo, taking chunks out of it with big fanged bites. He smiles, one corner of his lips tilting higher than the other. “I do the dirty work,” he says. Mylos lips are constantly moving as he digs in the corner for the puck, getting smoked in the eye with the butt of a stick as he recoils and the whistle blows. Mylo chasing down a loose puck, making the pass just before hes levelled hard by a much bigger skater, then springing back up like a jack in the box to taunt the Schooners enforcer with a waggle of his eyebrows and a wide grin. Mylo shoving a Shadow Isles Assassins player out of the crease, resulting in a shoving match that results in dropped gloves and Mylo getting the crap beaten out of him, resulting in him standing in the box as his team scores without the Assassins best defender on the ice. “I had goals this season,” Mylo says, “well, a goal to get thirty goals, specifically. I guess I shouldve used objectives there — can we retake that?” Mylo listens to the answer, shrugs, settles into the chair to stare at the camera for a beat. “I had objectives this season. To get thirty goals, specifically. If youre a thirty goal scorer you can at least get a mid level contract somewhere, and this is my last year of my rookie deal. If I dont find a team that wants me in free agency, Ill have to retire early.” Mylo exits the penalty box, and grins at an uproarious crowd that gives him a standing ovation for taking a fight, his stick raised. A shot of Mylo coming up big for a steal that has the crowd roaring their approval, his smile flashing quickly at the appreciation. A chip shot goal that has Zaun on its feet and banging against the glass. “But honestly?” Mylos voice says over the footage. “I dont know if I want to be anywhere else. If I cant be a Sumprat after this season, man.” Hes back in the interview room, staring into the middle distance, a far off expression on his features. He seems to come back to himself, settle again. “At least I went out here, surrounded by my people.” He grins. The camera zooms in slightly on an earnest, wide smile.  Caitlyn took the puck at the point and shifted it towards the slot, and Poppy was slow to react as she suddenly let loose with a burst of speed to blast past Poppy and flick the puck off of the top right corner of the net, pulling up and slowing down as Poppy trailed behind her, shaking her head. Caitlyn tapped Poppys helmet and pointed to the wood of her stick, gestured at the writing on it. “Dont look at the puck,” she said, “watch here. Youll see where shes going to try to take it because this always gives her away — she doesnt move her top hand much.” When the lined it up again, Poppy managed to get a chip on Caitlyn as Caitlyn tried to work past her, resulting in Caitlyn nearly going ass over teakettle as Poppy managed to break up the play. It was sloppy, but it worked. “Thatll do, Pops,” Caitlyn said with a laugh as Poppy steadied her with a glove. “Shit, sorry, Captain, I didnt mean to catch that much of you with my hip.” “All good,” Caitlyn said, “Ive had worse at practice, dont worry.” Caitlyn skated away from Poppy to slap the puck against the boards hard enough that it bounced up and into her hand, and missed the way that Poppy shot a quizzical look at her back. “Lets try a different approach,” Caitlyn said, and Poppy skated forwards to get into position.  Graves triumphant return to being a netminder for the Sumprats coincided with his first shutout on the season, but it wasnt the hardest game hed ever played. He stopped his fair few shots from going in, but the truth was that the Sumprats were energised, and the Bilgewater Schooners were doomed from the start for three key reasons, despite the game being in Bilgewater, the party capital of Runeterra. First, they were down four of their key forwards due to injuries that theyd taken earlier in the month, two with a broken toe from skating into one another in the Schooners freewheeling, chaotic style of play. Second, the Sumprats were at full strength for the first time since The Donnybrook, and they were out to hand—deliver the good news to each and every person who stepped on their side of the ice. Third, Illaoi was playing the game of her  life . Ever since Hot Girl Shit had been formed, Illaois minutes had taken a hit, a fact that Viktor and Sevika tried to mitigate by working Illaoi onto every penalty kill and checking shift that they could. Illaoi was emerging fast as their best defender in the physical sense, and she had real chemistry with Caitlyn as a defensive partner, making up for the holes in Caitlyns physical game and then some. But with Vis defensive mind combining with Illaois absolute refusal to be out—muscled on anything, the three working together formed a triangle of pain for anyone who tried to gain some traction. On Illaois first shift against her old team, she hit a Schooner so hard that it shattered a pane of glass on the boards, forcing play to stop for it to be replaced. She used the time to say not a single word, instead just prowl around in front of the Schooners bench, skating back and forth, back and forth, her stick like a long tentacle, slowly waving in front of her. When play resumed, Illaoi hit another Schooner player into a  different  plane of glass, shattering that too and resulting in  another  stoppage as Illaoi bared her teeth and continued to prowl. “Theyre going to run out of glass,” Mylo muttered as Caitlyn passed him, “maybe someone should tell her to take it easy.” “Youre welcome to try,” Caitlyn invited, “but personally Im feeding her the puck whenever she asks for it.” Illaoi never did. She was content to punish and bruise and batter and make space for the goal scorers on her team. By the start of the second period, there was almost a bubble around her, a space where the Schooners were scared to go for fear that Illaoi would be putting them through the glass next. She suddenly had all the room in the world to wind up on slapshots, and Caitlyn and Diana took full advantage by setting her up for one timer after one timer. Illaoi and Caitlyn had worked on her slapshot in practices, sometimes during Caitlyns night skate when everyone but Vi had gone home. Vi and Caitlyn had taken turns feeding the big woman the puck at all kinds of angles, let her rip clapper after clapper on an empty net, taming the wildness in her shot down from a roaring ping—ponging pinball down to a moderately accurate bullet that would at least hit the tendie, and hit them with force. Against the Schooners goalie, the first hit him in the mask. The second sailed over his shoulder and cracked against the boards. The third hit the back of the net, and Illaois eyes widened and her smile grew huge as her team tackle—hugged her for the celebration. When the Sumprats left Bilgewater, Illaoi claimed the first star of the game, and used her time on the ice to skate directly in front of the General Managers box, locking eyes with the man who gave her up for nothing. She bowed nice and low, a sweeping and royal gesture, and skated backwards, eyes locked on him the whole time until she disappeared into the tunnel. “Took a page out of captains book there, Illy,” Claggor said, tapping her knee with his stick. “Learned from the best,” Illaoi replied, and Caitlyn chuckled as Vi patted her knee.  “Were work mode right now,” Poppy said at a captains meeting, rolling her shoulders, “but in January we ought to start scheduling more team hangs.” Vi nodded, sucking on an ice cube, admittedly a little louder than she strictly needed to. Caitlyn had said at one point that it annoyed her, and Vi couldnt resist the siren call of Caitlyns exasperated stare lighting on her eyes. When Vi was  really  lucky, Caitlyn would raise an eyebrow. Caitlyn raising an eyebrow was… very nice. “Keep it a little lighter?” Vi asked, nodding. “That makes sense. Were all a little on edge after the RHL thing.” “Hear about the commissioners apology?” Claggor asked, eyes rolling beneath his glasses. Caitlyn snorted. “Apologies have the words  Im sorry  in there, generally,” she said, “that was more an admittance of guilt instead of an apology. At least were getting fairly reffed again.” Vi nodded, turned to Poppy. “What did you have in mind for the team hangs?” “Video games in someones hotel, mostly,” Poppy responded, “Theres a really good karaoke bar in Bilgewater.” “Oh god, okay,” Vi said, pulling her phone out to start scrolling through the schedule, “if were doing karaoke well need to make sure we have two days off after we go, because Im pretty sure half of the team will need to be liqd up in order to participate.” “Including me,” Caitlyn said, holding a hand up, “Im there for the video games, but Ill probably just watch the karaoke.” “You dont sing?” Vi asked. “You seem the type to just belt in public,” Poppy added. “Constant Mary Poppins, I thought,” Claggor said, smirking. “Okay, firstly, Mary Poppins is a Piltover icon, how dare you,” Caitlyn replied, mockingly, “secondly, I have a voice like a garbage disposal. Ill have a drink or two and listen to you all, and maybe DD us home.” “Nope,” Poppy said immediately, slapping her hand on the table, “as captains and assistant captains the standing rule is that none of us have to DD.” “Its the  only  standing rule of the Team Outing,” Claggor nodded, solemnly. Normally, theyd ask why Caitlyn didnt know this — why team outing culture was lost on her, but the three of them had all answered that question on their own time. “Figures,” Caitlyn sighed good naturedly, “I suppose Ill just have to get utterly smashed then.” “That,” Poppy said, pointing at her, “is exactly what youll have to do.” Caitlyn smiles quickly, and then sobers, glancing around for a moment before leaning forwards. “Um, before we — move on to iron out the details of that, I have something I want to tell you all.” Vi frowned, shifting in her seat to look at Caitlyn straight on, taking in the tension of her body, the way her eyes darted from person to person. There were nerves, sure, but she also looked… scared, like she was about to say something that would shift the balance in some fundamental way. “The all—star voting is opening up tomorrow,” Caitlyn began, and Vi relaxed a hair, still wary. The All—Star game took place at the end of January, a weeklong event where the best and the brightest from around the league — voted on by fans, the media, and other players — participated in skill challenges, scrimmages, celebrity games, and ultimately the All Star game, where all of the voted in participants played off in a tournament to see who the greatest players currently playing in the RHL were. Caitlyn and Vi had participated nine times each, both at the same time every year. It was mostly a joke, nobody took it seriously other than the league office who insisted everyone play their hardest. For most of the league, it was a week free of practices and games, ten glorious days where you could be with your family or disappear to a resort home to rest a weary body from the rigours of an 82 game season. It was important to get your name out there, to network and get sponsorship deals, a veritable whos who of big name brands and investors with deep pockets. Vi had always found it boring. Elora treated it like the superbowl. “Im not going to be participating this year,” Caitlyn said, and Vi crunched through her ice cube. Poppy and Claggor didnt move a muscle, waiting for Caitlyn to continue. Caitlyns fingers folded together on the table, her thumbs fidgeting lightly as she began. “The league wants the All Star game to go off without a hitch, and its in their best interests to have all of their best talent in the room all together, but I dont want to reward their behaviour this year. If they want to run their little skill competition and their for—show game of stars, they can do it without me. Im going to announce it tomorrow before the voting opens — use it to remind the press and the fans what the RHL did.” Vi glanced at Poppy, at Claggor, then shifted back to Caitlyn. “Why are you telling us?” Caitlyn exhaled lightly. “Im not from Zaun,” she said, “and I dont want to be the Piltie riding in on her white horse to make a big statement about how the Zaunite players in the RHL got a raw deal with this officiating report. I guess Im looking for guidance on how to handle it.” Poppy nodded, rubbing her thumb over her lips. “The optics would be pretty bad,” she murmured, “but this should be the type of thing your agent handles, right?” “I dont have one — not for a while. Ill need to rectify that at some point but Ive been enjoying handling things on my own for now.” “Youre unrepresented?” Vi asked sharply, and Caitlyn shot her a reassuring smile, a  well talk later  smile. “What if,” Claggor said, “we all refused to participate?” Three heads looked in his direction. “We make it a team statement,” he continued, “a show of support. Or at least more than just Caitlyn. I know Ashe is going to probably get invited to the All—Star game and may even make it after Cait drops out. If we do it as a group, announce why as people who live and work in Zaun, as the team with the most Zaunites on the roster.” “I dont want to ask anyone to drop out,” Caitlyn rebutted, “not when some people dont get to ever play in the All—Star game, or even go to All—Star week.” Vi reached over, placed her hand on both of Caitlyns stilling the constant seeking of the taller womans thumbs. “Im with you,” Vi said, “lets send a message.” “Ill see who else wants to participate,” Claggor said, “maybe we can get a crowd to stand behind you guys.”  “Good evening,” Vi says into the microphone, as Caitlyn sits beside her and the entire Zaun Sumprats roster — including Viktor, Sevika, and Mel Medarda — stand behind the two of them in a loose semi circle, each wearing a serious, sober expression. “By now were all aware of the report that unjustly targeted Zaunite born players with higher penalties for a period of at least thirty days — perhaps longer — and weve also heard the statements from the league front office admitting fault but lacking in apology. We, the Sumprats, believe that the response to the report surfacing has been inadequate, and the existence of the report itself either shows a disregard for equality throughout the league or a failure to uphold it. Either way, we the Sumprats are electing, as a consequence to the insufficient response, to withdraw as a group from the All—Star week.” Vi glances at Caitlyn, and Caitlyn nods reassuringly. “We do not put pressure on anyone else in the league to follow suit — this is our decision, and it was reached as a result of open and honest discussions. Thank you so much for your time, and well now return to trying to win hockey games.” Reporters burst forwards with hollered questions as the Sumprats left the table — Caitlyn rising and helping Vi to her feet with a hand, the two barely looking at one another, the gesture looking natural and unrehearsed.   Caitlyn tried to pass out of the poke check, but Vi was all over her, the stick managing to knock the puck away. It spiralled and spun as it careened down the boards as Caitlyn gave chase to it, still in what the team had called her CaitSa persona. She skated differently — her arms tucked to her sides, head lower than usual, short choppy strides in contrast to her normal long, gazelle—like gait. Vi didnt bother chasing, having learned from the last dozen times theyd run this particular drill — KaiSa liked to draw you in with perceived vulnerability and then strike as soon as you were too close to recover from the deke. Caitlyn gathered the puck, flipped her hips, and circled out, Vi keeping pace with her, keeping Caitlyn between her and the goal. Normally, Vi would bite on passing lanes and try to block Caitlyns entries to the attacking zone, but KaiSa loved it when you bit on a passing lane, giving her a wide open shot to the net if you tried it. Vi was patient, patient, letting Caitlyn stick handle her way to the blue line — even the stick handling was different, a lot more risky, keeping one hand on the puck, begging someone to try and poke it away so KaiSa could punish them. Caitlyn would normally gather the puck and see if the shot was open as soon as she crossed the blue, but instead she tucked it back and whipped around in a no—look behind the back pass to Illaoi, acting as her defensive partner for this exercise, and Vi pounced. Poppy and Thresh saw it too — the three of them turning up—ice as one unit as soon as they saw the mistake. Vi grabbing the puck turned a defensive possession into a three person breakaway as Sevika blew the whistle, signalling Vi to snatch the puck up with her stick and flip it into Caitlyns waiting glove as they moved to reset. “Thats enough,” Sevika said, and the skaters stopped, gathered themselves in a loose semi—circle as Sevika skated along the row of them, examining them one by one. “Were as ready as well ever be,” she said with a curve to her lips, and Caitlyn grinned. “Thank god,” she said, “skating that way was giving me cramps.” The team chuckled and Sevika directed them to do skating drills, turning away for a moment as Ekko skated close to her, eyes wide and determined. “Coach,” he said, “got a few for me?” “What can I do for you, Ekko?” Sevika asked, glancing down at her notes as she made short quick marks with a nub of a pencil. “I know that I dont have much of a right to ask for it,” Ekko said, “but Id like another shot at the Assassins.” Sevika paused, lifted a scarred eyebrow at Ekko. The kids stance was tight, his jaw tense, expecting the  no  before she said it. She saw in him an anger, a desire for another chance to prove himself against a team that had housed him 7—1 in their last outing. Instead of answering, Sevika flipped a page on her clipboard and showed him the schedule. December 30th — Starting G: Ekko. Ekko stared at it a moment, glanced up at her, and his grin bloomed. “Youre too predictable, kid,” Sevika chuckled, “knew you werent going to lay down for it.” “I wont let you down, coach,” Ekko called as he skated back to drills. Sevika snorted, shook her head, and continued writing her short little marks, hearing Vi laugh at something Caitlyn said and rolling her eyes. Quietly, with her eyes on the page, she inhaled the scent of ice and sweat and hockey tape, of rubber disks and the metal of iron posts, and revelled in the fact that this was  her  team. “Head up, Diana,” Sevika barked, “youre not ice fishing out here.”  “First of all,” Akali says, in a post—game conference against the Knights where the War Horses barely squeaked out a win, “the report is an actual travesty. You cant target specific players no matter how problematic you find their playstyle, and especially not a specific subset of players of a similar background. Thats profiling, thats elitism, and its prejudiced in every single way.” “Do you support Vi Wicketts statement about pulling out of the All Star game?” A reporter asks. “I pulled out this morning, actually,” Akali replies, “a few of my teammates have, too. We may play each other hard, we may want to beat each other and hoist the cup, but this game — its a siblingship. Were all in it together. You hurt one of us, you hurt all of us. And to anyone out there who wishes not to participate in the All Star game for similar reasons, Id invite you to stand with us.”  “I hate the All Star game anyways,” Braum Doorman says in a booming, chuckling voice, practice gear covering every inch of his skin, “it was my pleasure to remove my name from the pool of players. You cannot influence games in that way — it isnt just or fair. The Sumprats deserve to lose by skill, not because they were missing half their roster in terrible, terrible judgement calls.” He glances behind him, and then shifts from side to side. “If any player out there wishes to pull out of the All Star week in solidarity but is afraid of lost wages, Id invite you to reach out to me privately and it will be taken care of. There are many of us who are willing to ensure that things are done fairly if the league is not.”  “In solidarity with the Zaun Sumprats,” Garren says into the microphone, surrounded by the roster of the Demacia Knights, “we have also decided as a team to remove our names from the pool of All Star eligible players. There will be no Knights players at All Star week. Thank you for your time.”  A tweet from @Grayson32, the official twitter account of Shohreh Grayson, legendary figure of the 90s in the RHL: I commend the decision made by the @ZaunSumprats of boycotting the #allstarweek. This is a siblinghood and we all must stand together in times of trouble. You all make me proud.
  
  
@eggsbennystep on me queeeeen (with ur skates) @snarkknightFuck the rhl fr fr @JennEric#allstarweek was shit anyways lolllllll im so stoked to have a week away from hockey @DangleOsian@Grayson32 what do you think of #CaitVi and the #Humprats @MaryFalconDemsee my bio for my blog abt the runeterra hockey lesbians… theres merch @DaHakuuuneWant to make your partner HOWL? Buy our AWOOO line of personal vibes for HER pleasure ;) @RabbitPogg@Grayson32 you flopped in 95… just admit it…. U faker…..  “My name is Mel Medarda,” Mels voice intones as a slow—motion shot of her fills the screen, walking with her eyes darting around the arena, the fluorescent bulbs shining down upon her hair pulled into a sleek, complicated looking tail, “and Ive loved hockey all of my life.” “I think it was the absurdity, at first,” Mel says, dressed in sweat pants and a hoodie. Shes seated in a white living space, lounging on a sofa with slippers on her feet, looking comfortable, at ease in her own home. “A bunch of big people strap on pads, helmets, shove knives onto their feet and race around with a big piece of wood, trying to hit an old hamburger patty into a mesh net thats defended by a person in a serial killer mask. When the aliens come to our planet, hockey will be their first question.” She smiles, looks out of a far window, gaze unfocused. “I think what attracted me was that feeling of  oh, god, whod play this?  But then you get to know them — hockey players.” A shot of Ekko flashing into a cartwheel on the ice, making a famous save with the bottom of his skates, grin feral as he waves towards the skaters in a  bring it on  gesture. “On—ice, hockey players ooze charisma, their personalities really shining through every aspect of their game. But you stick a camera in front of them, and—” “Kept the puck out of the net,” Ekko says in a bored tone to a microphone, eyes glassing over even as his teammates mill about in the background of the camera, laughing and joking. “—theyre totally wooden,” Mel finishes, smiling. “Its like theyve got a private world that nobody ever sees. And there are all these rules that nobody who isnt in the game would know — when to retaliate, who to talk to, when the refs will make a call, when to fight, when a penalty is warranted and when it isnt. Trades, agents, salary caps — all of it was phenomenal. As soon as I started to learn, all I wanted was more. I wanted to know everything there was to know.” Mel as a young woman, standing behind the GM of the Noxus Warhorses, typing rapidly on a computer, looking haggard and sleepless as her bespectacled gaze roams across the laptop screen. “I started as an assistant, actually — more like a scribe. My job was to go through players and make profiles on them, give arguments as to why thed make a great addition to Noxus. I actually wrote the profiles on Akali and Ahri, as well as made cases to draft Caitlyn, Vi — there was a moment when we couldve traded for Sevika, and I really wanted her.” Mel spreads her hands. “At some point or another, I made an argument for every single person on the Sumprats roster. You could say that I was a fan of these players long before I brought them under my roof.” Mel sitting at a press conference table, arms folded, listening to a question, her gaze zipping around the room constantly — much like the laptop screen. “Our goal was threefold. We wanted to win, first of all — that was a condition of Coach Sevika joining our organisation, the siren call that had us hiring Viktor. Secondly, we wanted to put a team on the ice that Zaun could love, a team of players who didnt quit when they were behind. Lastly, we wanted to build a foundation — get players we could mould and shape for the future. This first season was a statement season, yes — we wanted to take it all, and we made no apologies for who we were, or what we wanted. But we also had our gaze to the future — we wanted young players that we could build on, teach to win, to believe in our system.” Poppy, baring her teeth and switching directions quickly on the ice. Thresh, head bowed low so that the skull on his visor reflected onto the ice. Mylo, barking at the sideline, taunting the opponents bench. Illaoi, dumpstering forward and standing over them, a sneer fixed in her place. “We wanted to give them talent that they could learn from.” Darius, winning a critical faceoff. Riven, sprint—skating down the sideline. Diana, stickhandling past defenders. Leona, winding up for a big slapshot. Claggor, shaking his gloves loose and throwing his helmet off. “So you take those ingredients, and you put in the two best players currently skating, and what do you get?” Caitlyn and Vi, leaning forwards, intensity in both of their expressions. Mel smiled serenely, snapping her fingers on both hands. “You get Sumprats hockey.”  Ashe Arrow wasnt as much of a diva as her old team had made her out to be — that Sejuani had made her out to be. She liked to consider herself confident, liked to assume that leadership meant leading by example and being harsh, critical with her teammates. She never demanded anything of them that she wasnt willing to do herself, and she prided herself on work ethic, diligence, her love of the game. She was cold, maybe — distant, sure. But she gave a shit — and she was tired of being surrounded by people who didnt give a shit. Shed always considered both Vi and Caitlyn slightly overrated when she laced up against them — Vi a hard nosed defender, but not impossible to beat with a quick move. Caitlyn was an impressive scorer, but she didnt have all the tools to put it together. When Ashe had arrived to the Sumprats, shed expected to still have to  carry a lot of the load. That notion dissolved like salt in a glass when Caitlyn put the puck directly on her right skate, over and over and over again, just the way she liked it. It completely disappeared from existence when Vi gave a speech in the locker room that had her blood pumping, her legs working, her teeth snarling. She didnt snarl. She was the daughter of a legendary hockey GM, and  she  had been the daughter of Eversteen Arrow, the first cup winner on the Void Stars back when there were only six teams in the league. She was hockey royalty. But when Vi said jump, Ashe leapt before it even occurred to ask how high. When Caitlyn called the play, Ashe played her role — score or no. And Ashe was thriving in the goals column this year because of it — a career year for her in putting the puck in the net. She carried the loss against the Assassins on her own chest. They all did. But unlike her teammates, Ashes one and only job was to score, and the only goal on their tally that game had come off of Caitlyns stick. Shed worked herself to the bone over the month, working on her low slapshot, her high wrister, watching hours and hours and hours of footage of Braum Doormans movements in the crease, the way he tracked the puck, devising play after play to try and get what she needed. Caitlyn couldnt do it all this time. Shed need to be ready. Her first step was to bundle five pieces of cloth into a bag and zip it up, carrying it on her back, the hockey bag on her shoulder, as she entered the Last Drop Arena. She nodded to Illaoi — scarfing down a hoagie at the front entrance, as usual — and trotted her way down towards the locker room, finding Diana first. The normal pre—game joviality was absent from her friend and teammate — Dianas gaze serious, eyes sober. Ashe reached into her backpack, pulled out a hot pink t—shirt, and tossed it to Diana with a grin. “Got your size from the equipment manager.” Diana unfolded the shirt and burst out laughing — the words Hot Girl Shit in white text, with each of the lineups faces bursting out in monochrome around the words, each with a snarl and their helmets firmly attached. “Holy shit, Ashe,” Diana blurted, and immediately whipped her shirt off and pulled the T—shirt on, flipping her blonde hair back and out of the collar as she did so. “Fits like a dream,” she said, and shook her head, laughing helplessly. “Were gonna rock their shit,” Ashe replied, patting Dianas shoulder — initiating touch. She initiated  touch  now. These Sumprats worked magic. “Happy Solstice.” Leona looked struck dumb by the shirt, continually muttering  I cant believe you did this  as she also put the shirt on. When Ashe wished her a happy solstice, Leona laughed and pulled her in for a crushing hug, then got back to work stretching out her lower body. Caitlyn and Vi were found together — as Ashe had expected. The two were talking strategy as they skated in loose circles on the ice, Caitlyn flipping a puck with her stick and catching it in midair on the wooden blade, balancing it, and dropping it back to the ice. Ashe watched the motions for a moment before rattling the door to the bench to get their attention, grinning when the puck wobbled and fell as Caitlyn shot an annoyed — and then amused — glance in her direction. “Hey, Arrow,” Vi said, skating up. In response, Ashe chucked a T—shirt at her, then over—hand lobbed  Caitlyns as she skated forwards. “Holy shit,” Vi gasped as she unrolled it, “no fucking way.” “Happy Solstice, captains,” Ashe said with a smile, “Ive got to go get dressed, but I figured it was high time we made our own merch.” “Happy Solstice,” Vi murmured back, and Caitlyn skated up to pull Ashe into a grimy hug that Ashe returned readily. When Caitlyn pulled back, her face was serious, raking over Ashes features. “You ready today?” Caitlyn asked, and Ashe nodded, thumping her chest with a hand. “Wont let you down, captain,” she replied. “You couldnt,” Caitlyn responded, and released Ashe to skate backwards and flip the puck up to catch it again, “be ready. Were going to come out swinging today.” Ashe grinned, saluted her captains, and walked back to the locker room. She had barely managed to open the door when she was greeted with a cry of  happy solstice!  From the assembled Sumprats. She paused, frowning, until she realised what they were stepping away to reveal.  A short pillar had been brought in, and on it sat a stack of newspapers — reports that called her an Ice Queen, a Diva, hard to work with. In the middle of the stack stood a beautiful tiara, glittering with red and black jewels — painstakingly glued on, it looked like, by hand. Across the crown of the tiara the words Our Queen were put in silver. “The tiaras real,” Mylo said eagerly, leaping towards it to lift it up and walking towards Ashe with it, “but the rest we all chipped in on. May I, your highness?” Ashe gasped mockingly, lifting a few dainty fingers to her mouth, and curtsied low as Mylo slid the tiara on her head. “Queen of the Ice,” called Vi from the doorway as Caitlyn put her fingers to her lips to let out an ear piercing whistle and the Sumprats clapped. If Ashes eyes stung, it was only because of the shift from the rink to the locker room.  It certainly wasnt because — finally — she was surrounded by people who gave a shit.  “Hello, and happy solstice to all the folks out there in Runeterra. On behalf of the RHL and all the folks in our league, we want to extend our deepest thanks for joining us here on this chilly night in Zaun, for our Solstice presentation between the Shadow Isles Assassins and the Zaun Sumprats. Im Marv Alliston, with me as always is Danielle Bergman as we get set and settled for RHL action.” “These two clubs — like all clubs — dont have a lot of history, Marv, but on paper this should be an exciting matchup. You have the Sumprats — one of the best defensive teams in the league by a wide stretch — going up against a hockey team that is red hot offensively — they really know how to turn it on.” “Thats right, and with the career year that Braum Doorman is having up until this point, its hard to see this Assassins team having much difficulty keeping a lead.” “Well Marv, Coach Sevika has made a few adjustments since last these two teams met. Firstly, she has a full contingent of players back at her disposal — the last time these teams faced off the Sumprats were without half of their goalie duo, as well as two important role players. Now that theyre full strength, this is in many ways a much different team than the Assassins have played previously.” “Okay folks, we are nearly ready for the faceoff as Vi Wickett and the — the Rocketeers lineup takes the ice against KaiSa and the Assassins Death lineup. Here we go!”  With a snap and Darius tutelage in her ears, Vi won the faceoff back to Caitlyn who banged it to Diana in a quick snapping pass. Dianas stick handling skills allowed her to dance and dive her way up ice, hitting the Assassins zone at a quick clip. Without looking, she fired a pass across the ice to a wide open Ashe, who snapped a shot that Doorman barely kicked aside, sending the puck careening behind the net. Ashe gathered it and got it back out to Diana, who got tied up in the slot trying to kick the puck back out to Leona by two Assassins defenders, resulting in the puck squirting out towards the boards. KaiSa gathered it up, and Vi immediately slammed into her in a monster hit that sent both of them sprawling to the ice, Leona chasing the play to gather the puck and blast a big shot at Doorman — again he turned it aside, but wasnt fast enough to cover it as Ashe snapped up the rebound with a quick clap of her stick on the ice and buried the puck in the net. The Sumprats goal horn screamed and Ashe raised her hands up in excitement as Hot Girl Shit came together in a group hug, Vi rolling her shoulder from the hit, Caitlyn touching her in concern. “All good,” Vi said, grinned, “sent a message there, eh?” KaiSa sprung to her feet, shook her head at Vi and skated back to the bench, looking good natured, exasperated more than angry. “Well need to keep sending it,” Ashe muttered, and skated to the faceoff. The rest of the first period became a race to the bottom as both teams struggled for momentum. The Sumprats couldnt collapse back into defence, not with the amount of scorers that the Assassins had on their squad. There was only one Vi, and only one Poppy, and only one Illaoi to go around, so the Sumprats staggered their three best defenders to make sure at least one of them was always on the ice, with spurts of the deadly triangle — Caitlyn, Vi, and Illaoi — to try and weather the storm. And a storm it was — the Assassins pushed and pushed and pushed, buzzing around Ekko like flies, seeking to test his defences and find a way past him, but Ekko had fallen back into the state he had been in at the Artifacts game — eyes blazing, gloves and legs kicking out, blocker flashing as he closed the door again, and again, and again. “If it werent for boy saviour over there,” KaiSa said in one scrum in Ashes ear as they battled for the puck, “youd be down four goals.” “Says the girl with the best tendie in the league,” Ashe bit back, coming away with the puck to send it on a wobbly journey to Threshs stick, who corralled it and turned it up ice to end another Assassins run. The Sumprats had their chances to go up by a goal, too — Illaoi and Leona kept blasting from the blue line, Mylo and Thresh had chances in the slot, Vi had a beauty of a look that went sailing over the cross bar. Whenever Ashe and Caitlyn had a good look, the Assassins came swarming, trying to block it or make them cough the disc up, forcing them to pass again and again. Ashes teeth were grooving deeper into her mouthguard from grinding, and Caitlyn hands were white knuckling on her stick, the two of them trying to solve it, scorers minds racing. But there wasnt enough. It was a race against time. Something had to give. It gave midway through the second, when Mylo got dumpstered in centre ice by a massive open ice hit that broke into a two on one, Illaoi versus two Assassins skaters. Illaoi dropped down to block the shot as the Assassins passed it between them, one—two—one—two, resulting in a howitzer of a wrister, so fast that the camera could barely keep up. Still, Ekko caught a piece of it, just enough to have it tucked inside the corner of the net, tying the game at 1 a piece. Ekko swore beneath his mask as the Assassins celebrated, Mylo slapping his stick on the ice as Vi consoled him, murmuring  keep your head in it, its okay, its okay . Vi was wearing KaiSas jersey so well that the frustration was bearing out on KaiSas play, making her get chippy, more aggressive, making more mistakes. The CaitSa impression had done its job, and Vi was where KaiSa tried to go, blocking her before she had a chance to make a decision, stripping her of the puck again and again and again. Despite that, the Assassins were still very good at finding holes and probing the defence, and the Sumprats kept the pressure on Doorman, kept him leaping and diving and flashing the glove. At the end of two periods, with 1—1 the score, the Last Drop was buzzing with excitement, the home team shouting and stomping and clapping out chant after chant after chant. “This feels like playoff hockey,” said one fan, “holy shit.” “Is this what other cities feel,” murmured an older woman, sitting down to catch her breath, wild eyed, delirious. “Hey Vi,” KaiSa said right before the two teams headed out to their locker rooms. Vi paused with her hand on the swinging door, glanced over. “Just so you know,” KaiSa continued, “Im not going to the All Star week either. Fuck Heimerdinger.” “Fuck Heimerdinger,” Vi replied, and the two women grinned at each other. “Youve got a hell of a squad,” KaiSa said, “add another scorer at the deadline and youll be unstoppable.” Vis expression tightened as she nodded, watched KaiSa skate off. She shook herself, headed for her own dressing room, deep in thought.  “Third period action,” Marv Allston said behind his big announcers desk to the ESPN intermission show cameras, “and what action its been. 1—1 the score, over eighty shots on net between the two clubs, and were nearly at the final frame.” “Its truly remarkable hockey, Marv,” Danielle said, “but you cant help but feel like the Sumprats are outgunned in this one. Most of the shots on Braum Doorman have been blasts from the blue line or shovel shots in traffic — the Sumprats arent getting the looks theyd like. On the other end of the ice, Ekko has been playing phenomenally — hes really giving them a chance.” “What did you see about the preparation in the game tonight, Dani?” “Well,” Danielle murmured, “I actually love both teams approaches. The Sumprats have clearly keyed in on KaiSa as the initiator and distributor of the Assassins offense, and have done two key things to shut her down. Firstly, theyre playing a box defence that works off of KaiSas movements, closing down passing lanes and funnelling the plays to the sides of the net, so nobody can get a good look. Secondly, of course, theyve sicced Vi on KaiSa and its paying dividends — so far, KaiSa hasnt recorded a single point in the game.” “If she were to be held scoreless,” Marv said, “that would be the first time all season long.” “Thats right. Now, the Assassins preparation doesnt hinge on one player, but two — theyre focusing on keeping the puck off of the stick of Kiramman and Arrow. They seem content to let Doorman take shots from every other person on this roster, theyre confident that he wont be beat — but Kiramman is a deadly sniper and Arrow is a pure scorer, so theyre focusing most of their defensive efforts on them.” “Is this a winning strategy?” Marv asks. “Oh no — on a team other than the Sumprats, this wouldnt work at all. If you try it on the Knights or War Horses, the rest of those teams scorers would eat you alive. But the Sumprats depend on Kiramman to generate a lot of offence, and Arrows one of the only people on the roster that can create her own shot off of loose plays. Without those two, its going to be a hard fight for the Zaun Thumprats — as the fans call them — to keep this thing tied up.”  It happened in the third period, a mistake by KaiSa due to her sloppy, frustrated play. Vi had forced her into the corner and bodied her against the glass, making her stick clack uselessly against the ice as she desperately tried to reach the puck. Vi jumped on it, looked up ice, and saw nobody but Doorman. Vis legs churned as she took off on the breakaway, keeping the puck moving in front of her as she dashed forwards, cutting her speed as she crossed the blue line to get ready to make her move. Braum was reading her eyes, her body language as he slid backwards, ceding ground slowly, looking to jump out and cover her angle of fire. Vi moved left on a fake and went for the wrister, and realised that Doorman had long since read her, his glove snatching the puck out of the air in a flash of leather as he straightened, flipped it in the air, and caught it for the whistle. Vi turned around, cursing to herself, and saw that nobody on the Assassins had even given chase. Theyd known the outcome before she started skating — known that she wasnt good enough to score on Doorman on her best day. Shouldve been Caitlyn, Vi thought as she skated back to the bench. Caitlyn wouldve had that.  The game became a slugfest of slapshots and muscling as Vi covered KaiSa and the rest of the Sumprats tried to keep the other scorers away from Ekko, and the Assassins tried to keep Caitlyn and Ashe out of the game. By midway through the third period, both teams were gassed, gasping for breath and trying to do anything to create room. Caitlyn, however, was barely sweating, and it began to show itself in the third period. The defence started becoming slow to rotate to her, and her passes became deadly, heat—seeking missiles, setting her teammates up for good shots in the slot, high percentage chances near and around the net. She found Diana to the right of the crease, caught Darius in the high slot with room for a clapper, slid it to Poppy behind the net to try and circle it and sneak the puck past Doormans pads. But each teammate she set up bobbled it. Darius shot hit the post. Diana lost it on a poke check. Poppy didnt beat Doormans glove to the corner and delivered it to his trapper where he covered for the whistle. Ashe got a pass on her right skate and tried to fire it high and to Doormans right, but the stick came up in time to knock it down, resulting in Doorman lunging for the loose puck and covering it as the refs blew the whistle. “This fucking guy,” Ashe snarled, wiping her sweaty face with the back of her glove. On the other end, Ekko was zipping, dashing, and diving his body across the crease. Where Doorman was a big presence that kept slamming shut, Ekko was a fluid dancer, his crease was his stage as he made athletic move after athletic move to keep the Sumprats in it, fire burning in his eyes as he caught a high wrister and held on. “This fucking guy,” gasped KaiSa as Ekko robbed her of a rare shot. The Assassins goals could come from anywhere, meaning the Sumprats had to fan out, keep everything in front of them, play mistake free hockey. Vis brain was constantly working as she barked people into position, called out plays. She hunted in the passing lanes, kept the hope alive as the Assassins pressed and pressed and pressed. Disaster struck when a wobbly shot from the blue line hit a chunk of ice and changed direction suddenly, forcing Ekko to fling his body in a dive to protect the net. The rebound was to an yawning goal, a dead easy shot that the Assassins banked in for the 2—1 score, the crowd deflating in a loud  awwwwwwwwwwwww . Vi and Caitlyn glanced up at the time remaining simultaneously, saw they had thirty seconds. Sevika called time, and the Sumprats huddled together. “Okay—  Hot Girl Shit,” Sevika called, and the five skaters hit the ice, knelt in a semi—circle as Sevika clapped Ekko on the helmet. “You are a fucking savior,” Sevika said, gripping both sides of his mask as Ekko nodded, tears in his eyes, “you are the only reason were still in this. Never forget that, okay?” “Yes coach,” Ekko muttered, and the Sumprats beat their sticks against the ground in a salute as Ekko clambered into the bench. “Darius,” Sevika called, and Darius joined Hot Girl Shit on the ice. “Right. Were going to start the drop with our goalie pulled. Darius, win the draw — we cant let them get an open empty netter. Caitlyn, Im going to need you to run your best play here— Ashe wont be open, so kick it to Diana or Vi. We want to generate an open look. Ashe, youre our decoy. Look hungry for it. Lets knot this thing up and get the dub in overtime. You with me?” “Yes coach,” the Sumprats called. “Our house, on three. One, two, three—” “OUR HOUSE!” the Sumprats barked and headed back towards the faceoff. Darius crouched down with his stick on the ice, Vi on his wing, Ashe on the other wing. Diana and Leona flanking Caitlyn behind him. KaiSa wasnt on the ice — held scoreless for the first time all season, too much of an offensive power to keep in the game. It was all defence for the Assassins. Thirty seconds. Darius won the draw back to Caitlyn but was swallowed up by an Assassins player cutting off the passing lane, and so Caitlyn bought some time, watched the clock with one eye as she backed into her own zone, moved the puck to Leona as she skated forwards. Vi broke loose across centre ice and caught the feed on the blade of her stick as she zipped it back to Caitlyn, worked into the attacking zone, the Assassins on their heels. Twenty five seconds. Caitlyn passed to Vi and immediately clacked her stick on the ice for the pass back, passed to Diana and did the same thing, watching the defences ebbing and flowing around the puck movement. Ashe skated towards the back of the net and took an Assassins player with her — one of their better defenders — as Darius moved to block Doormans view, posted up right in front of Doormans eyeline.  Twenty seconds. Caitlyn passed to Leona, who passed to Diana, who crossed to the slot and zipped it behind her to Vi who fired a pass back to Caitlyn, the movements quick and efficient, Hot Girl Shit speed as Ashe wormed her way free and a second defender dropped to cover her, and thats when Caitlyn saw it — the chance. Their chance. Fifteen seconds. Caitlyn zipped the puck out to Leona as Leona wound up, an Assassins player diving to block as Leona faked the shot and banked a pass off the boards to Vi who pushed into the slot. Vis defender was now on Ashe as Doorman moved to defend against this new threat, straining to see past Darius as Vi, at the last second, dished it back to Caitlyn who saw nothing but daylight and wound up to fire. Ten seconds. Doorman realised his error in real time as he dove back towards Caitlyns side, the puck slapping against Caitlyns stick as it sailed through the air, clipping against Doormans blocker as the big man whirled. The rebound was up for grabs in front of the net, Doorman scrambling and out of position as Darius whacked at it at the same time an Assassins defender did, the sticks clashing as the puck squirted free, right into Vis lap. Nine seconds. The crowd leapt to its feet, a rising victory cry as Vi fired the puck at the wide open net. Eight point five seconds. 
   Ting. 
 As the rubber bounced off of the crossbar and slams into Vis face, accompanied by the crowd letting a disappointed  nooo  escape them, Doorman managed to get back into position, closing the opportunity off as the Assassins sent the puck spiralling out of the defensive zone, forcing Leona to race after it and safely guiding it away from the Sumprats empty net. The damage was done, though — the attack warded off, even as Leona fired a desperation pass to Caitlyn who slammed the puck as hard as she could in a wild, too—far away shot. Doorman barely saved it with his pads, kicked it away as the time wound down, and the Assassins escaped with the win. Vi stood in the exact position she had been in when she shot the puck, staring at the black rubber mark on the crossbar, disbelief in her features, a rapid bruise forming around her eye. Caitlyn wouldve had that, she thought.  “Youre asking for a trade?” comes Caitlyns voice, echoing in the space, hollow, hurt, and Vi closes her eyes for a moment, before re—opening them, turning to address Caitlyn.  “We need goal scorers, Cait,” Vi replies, “we dont need dinosaurs who—” Caitlyn closes the distance between them rapidly, a charging bull. Vi takes a step back as Caitlyn invades her space, eyes wide, nostrils flaring as Caitlyn takes two fingers and presses them into Vis collarbone, a prodding jab that rocks Vi back a few inches. “We cannot  win  ,” Caitlyn seethes, “without  you .” “Thats not true, cupcake,” Vi says, sadly, “you need people who can run it up. Im a liability on that end — Ive tried. Youve seen me try. Youre a better defender now — you need—” “Ill never be you,” Caitlyn insists, “nobody can run the defence like you.” “You dont need to,” Vi replies, “not really. I — look, the teams that win can just outscore you. Thats what the Shadow Isles Assassins did to us — it didnt matter that our defence was hot shit, and it didnt matter that I played the game of my career, that you played the game of your career, that we had a well rested, well adjusted Ekko between the pipes. What mattered was—” “Youre fucking joking,” Caitlyn says, voice deadly calm. “What mattered was scoring, Cait. Plain and simple.” Caitlyn continues to stare at Vi, and Vis head ducks, her hand coming up to rub the back of her neck, looking deeply uncomfortable. “Listen,” Vi says, “it was fun — it really was. Youre a legendary player, Caitlyn — nobodys as good as you are, for real. But a club is going to want me — people can still use my talents, Eloras looked into it. You might be able to get two half decent scorers, and really make a run at this thing.” Caitlyns gaze hardens, and she pokes Vi with two fingers again, making Vi wince. “Cut it out,” Vi snaps. “Who,” Caitlyn hisses, “is going to motivate this team?” Vi frowns. “The cup is going to motivate them.” “No,” Caitlyn says, “whos going to motivate them when were down a goal in the second period, mid—february, when we need a win to fight into the playoffs?” Vi doesnt respond as Caitlyn advances again, forcing Vi back against the bannister of the seats, craning her neck to keep her eyes locked with Caitlyns. “Whos going to go after the other teams leading scorer to make sure were not intimidated? Whos going to console Mylo after another strikeout when hes looking for a quick away game lay? Whos going to organise the team luncheon and make sure everyones nutritional needs are covered? Pick people up from the airport? Suggest Zaun eating locations? Whos going to fire us up when were feeling low and calm us down when were jumpy? Whos going to look at this team and let them know that itll be okay, so long as we keep firing, keep trying, keep pushing?” Caitlyn was leaning all the way down into Vis space, their breaths shared. The camera takes a step back, hesitant, reluctant to turn away. “Im the best player, sure,” Caitlyn says, “but  youre  the fucking engine, Vi. We cant win without you.  I  cant win without you.” Vi exhales. “Youll lose with me. We cant compete, Caitlyn. We need goals.” “Id rather lose every game of the season with you in a matching sweater,” Caitlyn snaps, “then win another one without you.” Vis eyes widen, and Caitlyn exhales shakily, squeezing her fists for a moment as she tears herself away, stepping to face the back wall of the arena. “Theres no other way to win,” Vi says, straightening from being bent over the railing, “there truly isnt, Cait. Without—” “What are you trying to prove?” Caitlyn asks suddenly, turning back to face Vi, her back slumped against the wall. Vi scowls. “Nothing. To anybody.” “Then why volunteer yourself? Why frame it as a demand?” “Because nobody else on the team is a good enough asset to be traded for what the team needs.” “If you get traded from the team, Vi, then youre not on the team that needs scorers. Youre on a team that just  gave up  scorers.” Vi scowls. “I want an answer,” Caitlyn says, “what are you trying to prove?” “Nothing,” Vi snaps. “I dont believe you. Why—” “Because,” Vi says, “its important to you. This teams so clearly important to you, and you had a bad fucking time with the Lone Stars even though you wont  say  it, and I can start over anywhere but youre so fucking happy here that—” Vis jaw snaps shut, and she looks away, and purple and blue nails reach up to cover the camera lens as Powder spins the camera away and it goes black.  Caitlyn was still breathing — Vi can tell by the way that her jersey fluttered with each exhale of her lungs, the way that her hips shift slightly as she takes in what Vi just said. Vi inhaled, exhaled, tried to get a handle on her outburst, her heartrate galloping at the fact that  fuck  , shed tried  so hard  to give Caitlyn time, and distance, and it was all crashing down because she couldnt keep her emotions in check. “Is it not,” Caitlyn tried, swallowed — sounded dry, difficult — “is it not important to you?” Vi looked up, and Caitlyn wasnt panicking, wasnt looking for an exit, didnt look like Garren had just said Terri Landsmans name for the first time — looked concerned, eyes shiny. Looked… heartbroken. “It is,” Vi muttered, shifting to lean back against the bannister, a mirror of Caitlyns slumped form. Caitlyns knees were bent a little further, meaning the two were close to at eye level with one another. “But?” Caitlyn provided. “Its more important to you than me,” Vi said. Caitlyn huffed out a laugh. “You dont get to decide that, Violet.” “Dont deny it,” Vi snapped, “I see you — the difference from then to now. Its like youre fully awake now.” “Poetic,” Caitlyn said, flashing a quick smile. “Dont make fun of me,” Vi insisted, “Im right. Youre… you werent yourself, when you were a Lone Star. Or, werent what you are now.” Caitlyn kept her gaze on Vis, steady, firm. “You think thats because of the team?” The question felt… important. Like it had weight and meaning. Like answering it had danger. Vis eyes ached to pull away from Caitlyns, ached to retreat and find some dark corner where her vision didnt have meaning or weight, where it was absent any danger. She remembered the ghost of her father at her hospital bed, asking what she had to prove, what she was trying to prove. Nothing. To anybody. Vi was always just Vi — a leader, a role model. “Vi,” Caitlyn said quietly, and Vi finally ripped her gaze away to point towards her toes, her hands stuffed deep in her jeans pockets. She wouldnt — she couldnt answer. She saw the answer was yes — Caitlyn was a natural leader, a natural teammate, she was everything a player wanted beside them, a strong presence, a confident presence. If it could be done to win, Caitlyn was the one to do it. But she couldnt answer. Because she hoped the answer was no. “I need you to answer me,” Caitlyn said, quietly, “do you think I feel at home, more comfortable, because of the team?” 
   What are you trying to prove? 
 “Youre a natural leader,” Vi said, looking up, and starting because Caitlyn was so, so close to her, her long fingers curling around the railing at either side of Vis hips, pressing close, pressing tight until it was mimicking their position earlier, without Caitlyns anger and Vis frustration. Now, Vi was having trouble wiping the shock, the want from her face, having trouble blocking out the need she saw in Caitlyns. Their waists were flush with one anothers, Vis hands instinctively gripping Caitlyns forearms as the taller woman shifted them, bent Vi back over the railing gently as their chests touched, their eyes locked, suspended in a trance. Their eyes searched for a handhold in each others pools of blue, found one, clung. Breath mixing, noses brushing, Caitlyn shifted one hand to Vis waist, and Vi shifted her palm to Caitlyns stomach, feeling the hard rolls of muscle beneath the 33 — red on black, Sumprats colours. They hung there, a precipice. “Dont go,” Caitlyn whispered, and Vi felt the movement of Caitlyns lips a hair from hers, breath smelling vaguely of toothpaste, gatorade.  “I need you.” “You—” Vi began, swallowed, and she thought about Vander. She thought about you owe it to the family, she thought about if you dont make the RHL it was for nothing, she thought about your sisters counting on you. She thought about frigid winters with her hands turning red from the cold, skating to stay in front of bigger kids, throwing herself into leagues far above her weight class, being knocked around and beat up and chewed out. She thought about staying with the Ironfists long after she shouldve cashed out, of Brian begging her to give them one more contract — he just needed one more year to set things up and keep things moving in the right direction, of informing Elora that she was staying on and trying to not see Eloras want to argue, her quiet respect of the decision even as she jabbed the keyboard in front of her to send a vicious email accepting the contract. She saw it all — a lifetime of trying to  prove  something. Looking into Caitlyns eyes, Vi stopped trying. Vi surged forwards, meeting Caitlyns mouth in a desperate lunge as her fingers speared into Caitlyns hair, the taller woman letting out a squeak of surprise as slender fingers gripped Vis hoodie, pulled as the two pressed closer, closer — ever closer. Vi strained against Caitlyn, tried to launch herself off of the railing to fully wrap herself around the taller woman, but Caitlyn used her height to keep Vi in place, her hands suddenly jerking to Vis waist to hoist her upwards until her ass was on the cold metal and they were teeth and tongue and hands tugging hair and lips meeting again, and again, and again. Vis legs went around Caitlyns hips, locked around her as Caitlyn speared hands through Vis hair, Vis hands pressing on Caitlyns abs, Caitlyns breasts through her shirt, Caitlyns shoulders as she squeezed and kneaded and  explored,  and the two remained locked together until the automatic lights of the arena shut off, until the world faded around them, until there was nothing but the two of them in darkness, tattooing  finally  onto each other with sucking flesh and gasping breath. When they parted, the motion triggering the automatic lights in the arena, they were both gasping for breath and eyeing each other, Caitlyn taking a step back to give Vi some space as she shuffled off of the railing, back to her feet, her fingers touching her lips as Caitlyn smoothed her own hair back, flushed pink. They were both hot in the face, looking anywhere but at each other, smiles sticking to their mouths as they let out a light chuckle. “Okay,” Vi said, smoothing her hair back with both hands as she met Caitlyns eyes, “youre right. Its ride or die.” “We go down,” Caitlyn said, voice gravelly, “we go down together.” Vi smiled, glanced towards the ceiling lights, nodded her head. “What are you doing right now?” Vi asked the ceiling. “Honestly, I came to yell at you,” Caitlyn said sheepishly, “beyond that my plans were vague.” “Wanna get breakfast?” Vi asked. Caitlyn grinned, then her gaze darkened. “Not,” she began, “even a little.” “Good,” Vi murmured, and stepped forwards, jerking her head to the side for Caitlyn to follow. The two walked out of the arena side by side, carefully not looking at each other, badly hiding grins that just wouldnt wipe away.  “Vis staying,” Mel exhales in relief, pressing her fingers to her eyebrows and massaging them, “so thats one fire put out.” Sevika rests her chin on the back of her chair, straddling it with her arms hugging it to her. Viktor leans against the far wall with his bad leg extended in front of him, balancing his cane with one hand as Mel returns to her desk to stare at the Sumprats roster. The scene flashes through a dozen like it, Mel hunched over a roster of names in all kinds of different clothes, the days and weeks spent agonising illustrated in a few frames. “It doesnt fix our problem,” Viktor says, “though Im glad were keeping Vi. Well need her in the playoffs — she has a lot of big game experience.” “Were still on the other side of the playoffs,” Sevika mutters, her chin on the chair making her entire head move with each word, “December wasnt kind to us. Were full strength, but the Shadow Isles Assassins have proven that full strength doesnt beat them. The Knights are  better  than the Assassins, and were going to need to play both of them in the playoffs if we make it.” Mel sighs, and she presses her palms to her face as she tips her head back. Her voice continues as the footage cuts to black. “We need scoring. Diana, Ashe, and Caitlyn make three pure goal scorers, and Dianas skillset is limited. Riven can put the puck in with her speed, but were still needing someone who can create on their own.” A busy street flashes on the screen, a big sign saying Zaun International Airport with a sign pointing to a massive concrete structure. A blurry, out of focus figure walks away from the structure towards a black town car, wheeling a large suitcase and dressed in a comfortable sweater, loose jeans. A fan of fox tails stretch behind her, two black ears jutting out from her jet black hair as she opens the town car door, steps inside. The same figure is seated in front of the camera, wearing the same outfit, and smiling, yellow eyes burning brightly as she shifts on her stool. “My name is Ahri,” she says. On the screen beside her, a note from one Angela Lansbury, MD, displays.  Medically cleared for practices and games , it reads.
  
  

   End of Disk Two. 




  
  “So, heres an idea,” Lux said, “what if anytime someone says the title in the doc, we cut to it?”
 
  Powder frowned. “Well, how often does someone say—
 
  Run at the Cup.



  “Well,” Lux said, pursing her lips, “I guess not super often. Still, I think itd be stylistic.”
 
  “But, you dont think thatll get annoying?”
 
  “Nah, I think that if we kept the cuts to once per episode or something, itd be fine.”
 
  “So, okay, walk me through this,” Powder said, leaning forwards in her office chair, “walk me through your grand vision.”
 
  “Well,” Lux said, rubbing her hands together, “so basically, wed run the tape as usual, and then whenever someone says—
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  “— wed cut to the title, and then itd amp them up, get them ready for what theyre about to see.”
 
  Powder frowned. “Didnt that cartoon do that gag?”
 
  “Its not a gag,” Lux insisted, “its artistic. Youll see when it comes together.”
 
  “I guess Im just picturing having an expert on who says shit like that constantly, you know? And if we do have that and it gets overplayed, itll really cut back on how important the phrase is. Like, I wouldnt want—
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  “— to lose all narrative impact. If—
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  “— gets said too much, it stops sounding like words.”
 
  “Youll see,” Lux promised, “theyll love it.”
 
  Powder tapped her fingernails against the plastic table at which they were situated, then shrugged. “Alright then. Cut together a few proofs — maybe we can start doing that once per episode. I really dont think itll catch on.”
 
  “It will,” Lux grinned, “youll see. Itll really elevate the project.”
 
  “Yeah,” Powder said, distractedly, and stared out the hotel window. Shed been doing that more and more lately — looking lost in thought or just plain lost. It was so unlike her on a doc — normally she was laser focused on the project and bouncing from idea to idea, all of the powerful wattage of her brain pushing against the barriers of production until she shoved the project across the finish line. It was like she was constantly working from a place of spite, proving someone — anyone — wrong.
 
  Lux thought to the footage of Vi skating, the single minded ferocity, the predator prowling across the ice looking to pounce on the first sign of weakness, and couldnt help but compare the two of them.
 
  “Did you get the shot you were looking for at the stadium yesterday?” Lux asked, and Powder snapped out of whatever had a grip on her to glance up, raise her eyebrows.
 
  “Hm?”
 
  “Did you get the shot you—”
 
  “Oh, yeah. Yes. More than.” Powder said, and then scratched at the back of her neck. “Flashlight, do you ever think that maybe — that your parents are kinda shitty?”
 
  Lux leaned back in her chair to skate blue eyes across Powders posture, the way that she fidgeted — small twitches as opposed to the big gestures she usually used. She was sitting normally in a chair, for once, which was a major, major red flag. “How do you mean?”
 
  “Well,” Powder started, then stopped, frowning, “Im — I guess Im going through old footage of Vander and Vi, and it isnt really — its not exactly what I remember it being. I remember them being — I thought Vi was his favourite, I guess.”
 
  Lux nodded, bringing her feet up onto her seat so her arms draped across her knees, eyes locked on Powder as the blue haired woman struggled for words. Shed seen Powder jump to her defence with fire and fury, seen her quick wit and easy grin when working on some impossible whip pan and punish herself with a brutal shot list that kept her working well into the wee hours of the morning.
 
  She had all the time in the world for Powder to seek — and find — the words.
 
  “But in this footage,” Powder said, twisting in her seat to stretch across the back of her office chair and click a few buttons, playing a small clip of Vander saying 
  
    again
  
   over and over and over as Vi hip checked a plastic dummy, reset it, hip checked it again. The colours of it were washed out and crude — the camera it was shot on all wrong and with a shaky hand, the brightness cranked all the way up.  They played across Powders face as she watched the words 
  
    again, again, again
  
   come from Vanders mouth — soundless, because her headphones were still sitting on the table beside her editing bay.
 
  “I dunno,” Powder said, folding her hands on the back of her chair and pressing her forehead into the back of them, “I just — I dunno.”
 
  Lux rose from her seat and laid a hand gently on the top of Powders head, and, when shed gotten permission to touch, slowly began threading it through the smoothness of Jinxs long, long hair, working the single long braid loose. Jinx closed her eyes and allowed it to happen, sighing into her skin as Lux disentangled, straightened, pulled, little micro shivers erupting across her slender back.
 
  “Our parents are just people,” Lux said, softly, “but I know what you mean. Garen was the one who was going to be a massive hockey star, bring fame and fortune to the Crownsguard name — but he also had a lot more expectation. I just had to not fuck up.”
 
  “You couldve never fucked it up,” Jinx tossed back, “youre a perfectionist.”
 
  “I came close a few times,” Lux reminded, and at Jinxs grunt she shook her head. “Okay, sure, I always had an okay shot. But you were in the picture since college, Pow — I was always in okay hands so long as I was in your orbit.”
 
  Powder grumbled, soothed by Luxs fingers, fidgeted and went still.
 
  “I just dont understand why she couldnt be there,” Powder said eventually, “he was still our father.”
 
  Lux nodded, thinking as she ran her fingers through those silky blue tresses. Powder had gone from project to project to project, working herself to the bone since Vander had passed. Lux had often wondered when the processing was going to hit — when it did, she suspected, it wouldve hit like a ton of bricks.
 
  “Do you want me to hold you?” Lux asked quietly, reverently.
 
  Powder shook her head. “Just keep — just be here.”
 
  Lux did what she had desperately wished she couldve done back then, when Powder had departed back to Zaun mid—shoot absent a sister to handle the death of her father alone.
 
  She stayed present.
  
  When Caitlyn woke up, she woke up to a nearly destroyed bedroom, three corners of her bedsheets ripped up and crumpled around her, and an arm that was totally asleep. She lay on her back diagonally on the bed, a crumpled up pillow beneath her head while Vi lay beside her on her stomach, snoring and drooling onto the bare mattress. The covers were nowhere to be seen — the only thing that Caitlyn could focus on being the hard muscles of Vis back, the tattoos that swirled in gears and wings that came up her arms, across her shoulders, and ending in a pair of gauntlets that made up her upper back, spread out like angel wings. Bite marks graced the tattoos — indents of Caitlyns teeth scoring Vis spine, shoulders, the back of her neck.
 
  Caitlyns abs sang, and her neck had a permanent crick in it from straining, and her left arm was desperate to be moved. The first thing she did, though, was exhale, long and slow, the room still faintly smelling of sex. She rotated her chin to look at the time, saw that it was six in the morning — twenty minutes before she normally would be up to get ready for morning skate, practice, put in the work her career demanded of her.
 
  Instead, she shifted her neck closer to Vis ear, and ran her tongue along the shell of it — something shed discovered, to her pleasure, that Vi was really, 
  
    really
  
   into.
 
  Vi shivered and snorted on an inhale that made Caitlyn burst into a short giggle — an honest to fucking god 
  
    giggle
  
   — as she blinked blearily awake, looking around until she was opening and closing her eyes owlishly at Caitlyn, her face a mask of confusion.
 
  “Good morning,” Caitlyn said, voice gravelly and hoarse from lack of use and… overuse, simultaneously.
 
  Vi groaned, glared at the clock, and rolled to her side, freeing Caitlyns dead arm as Caitlyn began to blindly open and close her fingers, the smile still on her face.
 
  “Mornin,” Vi yawned, and then peered at the clock again, “fuck me, morning skate time?”
 
  “Usually,” Caitlyn responded, rotating her shoulder as pins and needles shot through her arms. Vi frowned, glancing down to a pillow that remained stuck to her stomach — shed passed out with it lifting her hips — and pulled it off of her with a wince. She looked around the room, eyes settling on the dent in the wall from the force her back had slammed into the door, Caitlyns hands gripping her thighs, their mouths and teeth meeting and meeting and meeting — 
 
  “We, uh,” Vi muttered, running her hands through her bedhead — the pink spikes shooting every which way. Caitlyn propped her head up with a hand beneath her chin, studying Vi as she came awake in a slow, groggy way, like someone trying to swim from a dead sleep, “we did a number on this place, huh?”
 
  “We did,” Caitlyn confirmed, gaze on the full length mirror in the corner where Vi had pressed into her from behind, her hands gripping the sides of it as Vi ordered her to watch herself, making her thighs clench.
 
  Caitlyn looked at Vi, and Vi looked at Caitlyn, and Vi said, softly, “are we calling in sick?”
 
  Caitlyn responded by lunging through sore muscles at Vi, Vi meeting her halfway. They had bedhead and morning breath and they were exhausted emotionally and physically from coming together again and again and again, but they were still positive and negative, magnets drawn together.
 
  Last night, they had wrestled until someone had gained the upper hand and pinned the other down, but in the cold light of day they met somewhere in the middle, fronts pressed close together, Caitlyn sliding a thigh between Vis legs, Vis hands shifting to work against Caitlyn, slow caresses meeting with a jerking, sliding thrust that had both of them gasping into each others mouths.
 
  “Thank god youre staying,” Caitlyn gasped, as Vis mouth descended to her collarbone, her teeth tugging at the skin — bite marks covering her chest, tits, nipples. Vi was very enthusiastic in the night about her front, and in the light of day she re—confirmed her bias towards Caitlyns chest.
 
  “Nowhere Id rather be,” Vi grunted, then, “god, how do you hide this rack in your gear?”
 
  Caitlyn laughed, the laugh cut short on an inward inhale that Vi met with her mouth, the long, slow pulls of their lips against one another soothing as a gentle build began in Caitlyns stomach, slowly pulsing through her, a lazy orgasm that felt like morning, like fresh starts and good breakfast, like the sun cresting over the distant skyline.
 
  Vi shivered and buried her face in Caitlyns neck, and they both exhaled slowly, languidly.
 
  “Were calling in sick,” Caitlyn confirmed, her palms roaming Vis back, tracing the raised skin of her tattoos.
  
  Cell phone footage of Ahris face grinning, ears twitching in a crowded hotel room, as the Sumprats team gathers around one of the hotel televisions in order to play a fighting game — a sleek black console shown in the background as they mill about on twin beds and watch two teammates duke it out.
 
  “So nobody here knows this,” Ahri begins, “but I found Kirammans Tekken account online — for ranking battles internationally. Shes top five hundred in the 
  
    world
  
  . I dont think the team knows it and — shes about to go up against Diana, whos pretty good. Lets watch.”
 
  A harsh cut as Caitlyn relaxes on the pillows of the twin bed and Diana sits upright, the words 
  
    round one: FIGHT
  
   echoing in the hotel room. The camera swivels to the television screen where a burly bear character absolutely demolishes a young kickboxer, sending him flying into the air and then crashing into the ground with a combination of twirling claws and gnashing teeth, and — at one point — a huge roar that stuns the kickboxer. Ekkos 
  
    holy shit
  
   echoes in the background and the camera whips back around to show the whole team staring at Caitlyn, who shrugs helplessly.
 
  “I have a lot of time on my hands,” she says.
 
  Vi begins to cackle as she nudges Caitlyns foot with her shoulder, and Diana immediately flops back in defeat as the whole team starts talking at once.
 
  The footage cuts to a dark blue screen with the TikTok logo, the username @FoxxyAhri displaying.
  
  They called in sick twenty minutes apart, each of them missing the first practice they had in years. Caitlyn didnt encounter any issues — Sevika seemed relieved, even, that she was taking some time for herself in the wake of their loss to the Assassins — but Vi hung up with a frown as she rubbed her hair dry with a towel, dressed in Caitlyns tank top and a pair of shorts shed had in her car.
 
  “She said to say hi to you,” Vi muttered, tossing her cell phone onto the newly made bed. “Presumptuous.”
 
  “No point in hiding it,” Caitlyn pointed out, then frowned at herself. Vi, too, seemed awkward, stunted, folding her hands behind her back and rocking back and forth.
 
  “So, hey,” Vi started, and Caitlyn braced herself, “I really think youre pretty great.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. Vi was watching her, Caitlyn watched back, and then Caitlyn said, “But?”
 
  “But?”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. “Usually theres a but.”
 
  “Why would there be a but?”
 
  “Is there not one?”
 
  Vi opened her mouth, closed it, and lifted her shoulders. “I just — you have your thing about teammates.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, sank back onto the bed, and said, “Vi, we never stuck to that.”
 
  Vi nodded back, and they looked like a pair of bobbleheads just — taking turns. Ridiculous. “Okay, well — say what you were going to say,” Caitlyn prompted.
 
  “I really like you,” Vi restarted, “and I totally understand if were not on the same page here, but I was wondering if we could keep doing this.”
 
  Caitlyn cocked her head, a slow smile spreading across her face, and Vis gaze jerked to her mouth before dragging back upwards. “Yeah?”
 
  “Yeah. Like, I know that the future is unconfirmed, and that we both might be on different teams come the summer, but Im really invested in the Sumprats, and also I like — you know, spending time, kissing and stuff. So I was hoping we could — continue. Kissing. And stuff.”
 
  Caitlyn chuckled. “Im very much interested in the same.”
 
  “Awesome,” Vi said, forming fists with her hands and bonking them together with tiny little hollow sounds, “so, you know. I just wanted to make that — that clear before we. You know.”
 
  “Do you want to just hang out today?” Caitlyn asked, bemused and charmed at how terrible Vi was at all of this. A roadmap of Vis past stretched in front of her, one night stands and casual hookups and — and Caitlyn. For years and years.
 
  “Yeah, if thats cool,” Vi replied, “I can help you fix that dent in the wall, maybe.”
 
  “Sure,” Caitlyn said, and rose from the bed to cross to Vi. Vi waited for her, looking her dead in the eye as Caitlyn rested her arms on Vis shoulders, Vis hands coming up to her waist, the two sharing goofy smiles as they pressed close, comfortable, easy.
 
  “Get dinner, maybe a nap.”
 
  “A nap,” Vi groaned, “god, Ive never felt more thirty one than after that monkey sex session.”
 
  “I wouldnt call it monkey sex,” Caitlyn protested, but her abs agreed with Vi.
 
  “We didnt swing off of the chandelier or anything, I guess,” Vi replied, “but you were an animal.”
 
  “Me?” protested Caitlyn, “You practically bit my nipples off.”
 
  “I swear you drew blood when I was on my stomach,” Vi snarked back.
 
  “Hardly,” Caitlyn scoffed, “I wouldve assumed a big tough woman such as yourself could stand a little—”
 
  Vi kissed her, shut her up, and Vi grinned wickedly as she pulled back. “New weapon unlocked.”
 
  Caitlyn huffed, cheeks pink, and stepped past Vi to head down the stairs. “Im too hungry for this.”
 
  “Amen,” Vi called.
  
  They ate breakfast in Caitlyns living room — Vi immediately searching for and locating the ceiling tits and pointing wordlessly towards them as Caitlyn rolled her eyes — ordered from a local diner that seemed incredibly excited to deliver there. The woman who ran it over shyly asked for an autograph from Caitlyn when she answered the door. Caitlyn obliged with that plus a selfie before bringing the food towards Vis outstretched arms, chuckling when Vi bounced in her seat at the prospect of eating.
 
  They devoured the food like women possessed and only paused when Vi glanced towards the front door and asked, “should I put my car in your garage?”
 
  Caitlyn paused at that, and the anxiety between her hearing the question and answering it was a new one for Vi — with women, usually, she was a little more cavalier about their feelings, a little more selfish with her requests. With Caitlyn, though, Vi found herself tiptoeing emotionally, checking herself before she requested too much of the taller woman, wanting to move at her pace.
 
  It was a new and unsettling feeling, and it was hard to pin it down.
 
  “Do,” Caitlyn began, and then paused, “would that be something youd want?”
 
  “Its up to you,” Vi responded, “I dont know what your expectations are.”
 
  “What are yours?”
 
  Vi shook her head. “I dont care if people say that I stayed over. I guess Im asking if you do.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, working her jaw with one palm from chewing so quickly to get through the waffles and eggs shed ordered. The motion reminded Vi of straddling Caitlyns face, Caitlyns hands pinned beneath one hand as she slowly rocked back and forth on Caitlyns tongue, made her feel sore and flushed.
 
  “I dont,” Caitlyn responded, “I dont care if people know were continuing with this. But I do think itd invite a lot of attention — the CaitVi thing.”
 
  “Yeah — why did you get to be first in our fictional couple tag?”
 
  Caitlyn smirked. “Because it sounds better. ViCait sounds like a medical cure for haemorrhoids.”
 
  “Dont mention haemorrhoids after breakfast,” Vi said, wrinkling her nose.
 
  Caitlyn responded by shuffling closer on the couch, bringing her mouth close to Vis ear, and Vi felt herself go weak, a hand reaching up to clench loosely at Caitlyns wrinkled button down as her lips curved over the cartilage. Caitlyn had found out about this little weakness of Vis and had zeroed in, memories of her tugging on Vis piercings with teeth and tongue piercing her consciousness as Caitlyns breath exhaled over the sensitive, fine hairs, her tongue darting out to tease lightly.
 
  “Ask your doctor about ViCait today,” Caitlyn whispered, and Vi grunted in distress and shoved the laughing woman back, rubbing at her ear and glaring.
 
  “Not cool,” Vi complained, and Caitlyn cooed and gave her hand a few sarcastic pats.
 
  “So what do you think?” Caitlyn asked, and Vi shrugged.
 
  “Were already in the spotlight,” Vi said, hesitantly, “do we want to invite more heat on top of us?”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. “That makes sense. Ill open the garage?”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi sighed, and rose to her feet, “yeah, let me find my keys.
  
  “We rolling? Okay, ready?” Ahri asks the team as they all sit on the bench in the circle of the Sumprats locker room. The footage is clearly shot from a cell phone, shaky and excited — the thumbprint of Instagram in the bottom corner with the username @icequeenArrow.
 
  “This is so dumb,” Vi says, laughing. All of them are dressed in their full team regalia, the time unclear — each look flushed and happy, grins on their faces as Ahri jeers Vi on. The captain of the Sumprats rises to her feet, dusts off her knee pads, and stands in the circle the Sumprats make as Caitlyn whistles encouragingly through her teeth.
 
  “You lost the bet,” Caitlyn reminded, and the team whooped as Vi nodded, raising her arms to silence the room as they all looked at one another.
 
  “One,” Ahri says, “two, one two three—”
 
  “Hooga chugga, hooga hooga,” the team chants as Vi stands in the middle, arms spread and eyes closed in dramatic fashion as the team begins to clap along to the made up beat.
 
  “Hooga chugga, hooga hooga,” their voices begin to climb higher, getting loud and enthusiastic as they stomp their feet, clap their hands as Vis eyes snap open, a performer in their mids, overdramatic, excitable.
 
  “Hooga chugga, hooga hooga,” they sing as Vi turns towards the camera phone, leans close, and cocks an eyebrow.
 
  “I cant stop this feelin,” Vi sings, “deep inside of me. Girl you just dont realise, what you do to me.”
 
  “Hooga chugga, hooga hooga,” the team shouts.
 
  “When you hold me,” Vi continues, in a smooth, beautiful voice, “with your arms so tight, you let me know, everythings all right!”
 
  “I—I—I, I—IM,” the team roars.
 
  “Hooked on a feelin!” Vi belts, and the team roars and begins applauding as she nails the note, “Im high on believin, that youre in lo—o—ove with me!”
 
  They erupt into laughter and applause as Vi bows deeply, and the camera doesnt miss Caitlyns pink cheeks.
  
  “Ahri just landed,” Caitlyn said with mild surprise. Her and Vi were tangled in each others limbs on the couch, Vis head resting in her new favourite place — Caitlyns tits. Caitlyn was shirtless as a defence against overheating, learning through their all—day cuddle session that Vi ran incredibly hot, like there was a steam vent beneath her skin.
 
  They hadnt had sex again as a concession to their sore and aching bodies, but Vi liked to leave little trails of kisses around Caitlyns bruises, sliding gentle, calloused hands up her waist and trailing across her ribs. It was a tenderness that Caitlyn hadnt really experienced — not from the woman who would fuck her and escape from the hotel room without a backwards glance, at the very least — and it made her both incredibly soft and indescribably horny.
 
  If Vi kept it up, screaming abs be damned, she was going to do something about it.
 
  “Yeah?” Vi said with equal surprise, glancing up from her twin pillows to take in Caitlyns face. Caitlyn turned her phone around to display the text from Sevika, letting Vi read it for a moment before the pink haired woman lay back down, sighing contentedly.
 
  “That,” Vi murmured, “is really, really good.”
 
  “Do you think shell fit in?” Caitlyn asked, clicking out a response.
 
  “Ahri? Yeah, theyll get along like a house on fire.”
 
  “Ive never understood that expression.”
 
  “It means theyll get along well.”
 
  “No,” Caitlyn said softly, tossing her phone onto the armrest to sink both hands into Vis hair, scratching lightly at her scalp and letting Vis eyes drift closed, “I know what it means. I just dont understand what a house burning has to do with getting along with someone.”
 
  “Mm,” Vi replied groggily, “Ahris a cocky shit, but she can back up her talk. Ashe is kind of the mid point between you two — you dont talk shit, Ahri talks a lot of shit, and Ashe only talks shit that she can make good on.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, still probing with her questing fingers, making Vi sigh on her chest. “Shes cleared to play, too.”
 
  “Huh,” Vi murmured, “I guess they didnt want to get our hopes up.”
 
  “I wish theyd said something. Yesterday couldve totally been avoided.”
 
  Vi cracked open her eyes, turned her face up to look at Caitlyn fully. “But were here because of yesterday.”
 
  Caitlyn smiled softly. “Were here because of yesterday,” she confirmed.
 
  Vi laid back down. “Im probably going to pass out again. Did you see the standings?”
 
  “No more hockey talk,” Caitlyn whispered, “just nap.”
 
  “Okay,” Vi yawned, and obeyed.
  
  When Vi woke up, she woke up hungry — and not for food. It was a good thing, too — Vis weight in between Caitlyns leg and her face on her breasts had lit a small fire in her that made her crave a different kind of sex, a kind of sex that Vi had teasingly mentioned all that time ago, when Caitlyn was vulnerable and sitting on a hotel room bed with her eyes settled on Vis form, moments before both of their phones rang and sent them spiralling on a collision course into one another.
 
  Vi took two T—shirts and straddled Caitlyns waist, divested of the sleep shorts shed been wearing, and stared down at Caitlyns face, eyes probing.
 
  “Do you trust me?” Vi asked, and what a question.
 
  Sometimes, in quiet moments throughout her career, Caitlyn had marvelled at the fact that of all the people in her life, Vi was the one that she felt knew her best. Shed been misunderstood by her teammates at the behest of Landsman, had been misread by the media at large for caring about stats when all shed wanted to do was play the sport she loved, had been assumed to be having a great time by her parents when shed sunk so deep and so far into the black that she hadnt known which way was up.
 
  She used to think it sad that her biggest on—ice rival was the one who seemed to read her the best.
 
  Now, Caitlyn looked up at Vis tender expression and rough hands and soft touch, and felt so incredibly lucky.
 
  “I do,” Caitlyn said, and then swallowed. “Red, yellow, green, I guess?”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi murmured, “that works. I doubt this will be very tight — you could, uh, probably break out if you really wanted to.”
 
  “I trust you,” Caitlyn said again, and Vis smile grew soft, before sharpening in a flash.
 
  “Spread your arms out,” Vi growled, and Caitlyns wrists hit the mattress above her as Vi shifted forwards, looping a T—shirt around the wooden slats of the bed and tying it to Caitlyns left wrist, then her right. As she sat back to admire her handiwork and drag her hands down Caitlyns sides, Caitlyn saw the hunger in her eyes that made her naked hips jolt upwards lightly, her breath coming quickly.
 
  Vi settled her weight on Caitlyns upper thighs, making the deep blue cock jutting from Vis hips — strapped on a white harness — and in the darkening light outside she was pale skin, tattoos, bright eyes. A conqueror, a warrior.
 
  “The first time,” Caitlyn admitted, “god, the — the first time you hit me on the ice, the first open ice hit.”
 
  Vi paused, looking down at her as she dragged a finger up Caitlyns moisture and began to apply it to the head of the cock in slow, measured movements, an eyebrow raised. Caitlyn felt the words continue to spill out.
 
  “It — I was so turned on,” she admitted, “just this freight train of a woman working me over. It was the most confusing moment. You were smirking down at me and you were half my size and I thought—”
 
  Vi smirked, and Caitlyn flushed, the expression so similar, the haughtiness, Vis eyes hardening.
 
  “You wanted me to take you like that?” Vi asked, walking herself backwards on her knees,  adjusting as Caitlyn spread her legs, the pillow at the small of her back having her arch upwards, “right there on the ice?”
 
  “God,” Caitlyn groaned, “fuck, thatd make twitter go 
  
    nuts
  
  .”
 
  “New rule,” Vi said, as she slowly pressed the head of the dick into Caitlyns folds, “no mentioning twitter while I fuck you.”
 
  “Whatever you want,” Caitlyn groaned, hips bucking as Vi worked herself slowly inside of her, rocking forwards and back, deep and slow, inch by excruciating inch. Vis fingernails dragged down Caitlyns hips, one thumb falling on her clit after collecting more wetness from Caitlyns cunt, bringing it up to rub at her sensitive nub.
 
  “Anything I want, huh?” Vi asked, as the thumb worked in slow circles and the cock went slow and deep and Caitlyn felt the t—shirts tug at her wrists, her heels digging into the mattress.
 
  “Anything,” Caitlyn gasped, and Vi hummed as she worked herself deep and slow, a gentle rhythm that was exactly what Caitlyn needed and not nearly enough, “fuck, take me wherever you want us.”
 
  “Ive just 
  
    bodied
  
   you,” Vi groaned, “so I deserve this.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded rapidly. “Fuck, youve tied me down, you can have anything you want tonight.”
 
  “Then buckle up,” Vi whispered, and began to bottom out inside her, making Caitlyn keen and her head thrash with the sensation as Vis thumb sped up a little, making her thrash harder. One of the t—shirts came undone with the movement but Caitlyn pretended the cloth was iron, pretended she was pressed into the mattress as Vi fucked her thoroughly, muscles singing in protestation from the previous night. Her abs still hurt and her tits still bore the marks of Vis attention and her thighs burned from spreading, but nothing mattered — not the RHL, not the boycott, not the gossip theyd get from their teammates about them both calling in sick. All that mattered was the darkening light outside her bedroom window and Vi between her legs, Vis eyes and hands and Vis gentle rhythm, and Caitlyn was gasping, feeling the imaginary cold at her back and Vis smirk above her and she was clenching, groaning, and coming apart.
 
  Afterwards, Vi removed the harness and straddled Caitlyns face again, a hand fisted in her hair as Caitlyn expertly, lovingly, carefully made Vi cum with long thrusts with her tongue and gentle laving with her lips, a familiar dance. Vis body was familiar to her, Vis likes and dislikes written down and annotated in her brain from a decade of doing this — exactly this.
 
  As Vi shuddered and yelled out, bucking forwards, her entire body a hard ribbon of steely muscle, Caitlyn thought that she could spend the rest of her life watching Vis contorted expression when she flooded Caitlyns mouth.
  
  The next day at practice, Caitlyn and Vi entered together, ducking their heads to avoid anyone noticing their soft smiles as they immediately went to Mel Medardas office and closed the door behind them. Sevika was already there, taking up her familiar perch on the bookcase as Mel rose to greet them, gestured for the two hockey stars to take a seat across from her.
 
  “So,” Mel said, warmly, “I hear theres some paperwork to sign, potentially?”
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn, and Caitlyn looked at Vi, and the two looked at Mel with equal smiles on their faces.
 
  “Yeah,” Vi said, and Caitlyn nodded.
 
  Sevika shook her head, chuckled. “Told you they had chemistry, Mel.”
 
  Mel grinned as she handed two pieces of paperwork to her captains.
 
  “You were right on the money,” she said.




  A schedule is displayed front and centre, depicting more losses than wins throughout November and December, and also showing a standings bracket where the Sumprats fall to ninth in the conference — one game out of the playoffs. In front of the Sumprats, the Void Stars and the Artifacts loom with marginally better records. “We had our work cut out for us,” Sevikas voice says over the graphic, “especially with the next two games in the Void. It was one of the hardest places to play for a good reason.” “The Void?” Riven says with her hands in her pockets, eyebrows raised, “Oh man, I hate that place. The entire arena is blanketed in this weird, muffled  sound . The boards are old and shitty — they feel like theyre grabbing at you if you skim them.” “The Void Stars fans have this chant — you know, like how our fans have settled on calling us the Thumprats?” Darius puts in beside Riven, the two of them sitting on a bench at an unfamiliar arena, “except the Void fans just do this weird hiss, like a slurring snake.” Riven pauses for a full beat before she turns to Darius. “Do you not know the word hush?” “Its not a hush, though,” Darius says. “No, but it is. Its a long hush.” “Its more of a shush.” “Its not a shush. Its a hush. They hush you. Thats what the word means.” Theres a cut and suddenly Riven and Darius are facing one another, their knees almost touching as they furiously scroll through their phones. “Hush — noun — to make someone be quiet or stop talking. Example,” Darius says, “he placed a finger before pursed lips to hush her.” “Thats literally their chant,” argues Riven, “also, youre not reading the verb — a hush descended over the crowd.” “But thats not what they  do  ,” Darius pointed out, “thats the effect they  have  . You wouldnt say they hushed me youd say they  shushed  me.” A kid in mini hockey gear, wearing Darius number — 37 — banged on the glass with a gap toothed grin, pointed to the scoreboard. Darius grinned bright and shot the kid a thumbs up, shooting Riven a to—be—continued glare before he walked over to the glass to watch his son wobbly skate to centre ice to take the faceoff. Riven grins and shoots the kid a thumbs up before turning towards the camera. “Hes right about the shush/hush thing,” she confides, “but I just like making sure that dad—bod over there doesnt get too high and mighty on us.” A sea of purple and pink and black jerseys all echo with an extended shush, so loud that it sounds like static from a television set, warped and full of noise overtop the sound of boards clattering and sticks whacking the ice. The players of the Void Stars have serene expressions on their faces, focus settling on their features like wax statues. “We had Ahri,” Sevika says to the camera, wearing a golf shirt and track pants in the Sumprats gear, a pink t—shirt peeking out beneath the collar of the black and red, “but we didnt want to upset the chemistry of the team so far. Standard logic would dictate that she replace Diana in Hot Girl Shit. But the problem with standard logic is that usually its way fucking off.” Diana, clearing the play out of the neutral zone. Diana, faking out a defender in the corner before finding Caitlyn on the blue line. Diana, battling in front of the net, getting shoved in the back by a defender to screen the goalie. “Some players are flashy,” Sevika said over footage of Ahri stick handling between her own legs before firing a shot top drawer. “Some players are technical,” Sevika continued, over footage of Ashe executing a flawless toe—drag across the crease before snapping a shot home. “Some players are just… gifted,” Sevika finished, as Caitlyn buried a slapshot in the top right corner, so fast the goalie hadnt had a prayer. “But good lines have a mix of all different types of player. Hot Girl Shit works because you have two bona fide scorers in Ashe and Caitlyn, and Caitlyn works mostly as the quarterback — setting the plays and getting the puck where it needs to be. You have two talented defenders in Leona and Vi to keep the counter attacks at bay. Diana is what we call a grinder — she works into tight spaces and gets the puck, she fights through checks, and she has hands to score. Shes our all around player on the line.” Diana, slinging an arm around Ashe when she yacks a shot. Diana, gripping Vis sweater and pressing their helmets together to fire her up. Diana, pinching Leonas ass and earning a swat for her trouble as she skates away laughing. “Shes also a great glue guy,” Sevika finishes, and rolls her shoulders before glaring at the camera. “Is that good enough, Harley Quinn? You gonna get me to talk about the whole fucking roster? I do still have a team to coach.” As she glowers, the title fades in. 
  Run at the Cup.
 January Part One: Title Cut 
   “Id rather regret the risks that didnt work out than the chances I didnt take at all.” —Simone Biles 
  Ahri arrived 15 minutes late, wearing a bright blue leather jacket, a black tank top, big aviator sunglasses which had arms that wrapped around her big black fox ears, and a black jeans and red converse combination. She flirted her way to their table, an easy smile always locked and loaded for the staff and patrons of the clean and upscale restaurant in the upper city of Zaun — one of only a few locations that Vi knew about. Zaun had plenty of fine dining, but most of it had been here for decades and Vi usually stuck to the comfort foods she knew — which were cheap and quick to eat. When Ahri sat down at the circular table — shifting her big furry tail out of the way as she did so, flanked by Vi on her left and Caitlyn on her right — she beamed at the two of them, clapped her hands and rubbed them together. “You guys drinking?” she asked by way of greeting. Caitlyns pinched eyebrows were display enough of her annoyance, and Vi had to wipe nonexistent water from her mouth to hide her fond grin. “Its eleven in the morning,” Caitlyn pointed out. “Mimosas, then,” Ahri responded, “just join me for one drink over brunch — it wont kill you. Hi, Darlene? Do you mind if I call you Darlene?” Their server, a petite woman with an eyebrow ring and horn rimmed glasses, seemed ready to be called whatever Ahri wanted. “Can we please have a round of mimosas for the table? Ill also take a cup of coffee — whenever youve got the time for it. Thank you so much.” The server ducked away, and Ahri grinned at the two of them, pulling her aviators off for the first time to tuck them into her shirt. “So, captains, huh? That mustve been a kick in the ass.” Caitlyn glanced at Vi, and then raised an eyebrow at Ahri. “Hello, Ahri. How was your flight?” “Oh, were doing that, eh?” Ahri said, chuckling. “Okay, fine. Hello, Caitlyn, Vi. Flight was good — felt good to lift a hockey bag again, feels better to skate, feels  amazing  to be in a new situation. Ive gone out exploring Zaun every night since I landed — its incredible, isnt it? The  sounds  of this city are so unique.” “I didnt know you were landing,” Vi said, “I wouldve come to get you.” Ahri waved that away. “I know — your reputation as a captain precedes you, Vi. I had to get the lay of the land myself.” “Whats the verdict?” Ahri grinned. “This city has Sumprats fever, thats for damn sure. I got recognized — despite never suiting up in a Sumprats sweater. Imagine that. This citys so plugged in that they have the injury reserve memorised.” Caitlyn took a long sip of her water out of the corner of Vis eye, and Vi sent her a curious glance that wasnt reciprocated. The air between Caitlyn and Ahri was a little frosty, Caitlyn looking vaguely uncomfortable. Vi couldnt put her finger on why. “Theyre a great crowd,” Vi confirmed, “years of rooting for Zaunites on other teams will do that to you when you finally get a team of your own.” “Leona and Diana say that they have never signed so many autographs in their entire careers than in a season of Sumprats hockey. Im inclined to believe it.” Ahris grin sharpened as Darlene came back with their drinks, thanking her sincerely before taking a small sip of piping hot coffee — black — and waggling her eyebrows at Caitlyn and Vi as she sat back. “You guys ready to order?” Ahri asked. “Oh yes,” Caitlyn replied smoothly, and the three ordered brunch dishes — all three of them ordering heavy on the protein and light on the carbs. “Weve been here for fifteen minutes,” Caitlyn continued once the server left, and Vi smirked at her as Ahri nodded serenely. “Im sorry about that,” she murmured, “but also, I  will be making a habit of it. Ill be punctual to any and all hockey related outings but I firmly believe in being fashionable. Late just comes with the package.” “And what else can we expect from the package, exactly?” Caitlyn asked. Ahri raised both eyebrows, slowly spread her arms in a  youre looking at it  gesture. At Caitlyns unamused eyebrow raise, Ahri laughed, shook her head, and leaned forwards. “Okay, business first, then. Im here for the season — well, the back half of the season, anyways — and I was thinking we could make this transactional. You guys help me prove my own value away from Akali and the War Horses, I help you guys get to the playoffs and beyond.” Ahri folded a napkin in her lap, tossing hair over her shoulder, smoothing her tail out behind her. “I met the team yesterday at practice, and I was really, really impressed — you guys have ran a tight ship. Usually when you show up to a squad in the middle of some drama there are battle lines to cross, but everyone seems really tight, focused on winning, and they practise hard. I dont know who elected to make Tieth a captain but she proved any doubts wrong in the first eleven seconds — she walked right up to me, showed me my locker, pointed out all the facilities, gave me my road spouse.” “Poppys good people,” Vi said, warmly, and Caitlyn smiled, “she was the first choice out of our mouths.” “Her and Claggor have been amazing,” Caitlyn said, and then straightened in her chair, “but Im not sure transactional works for us.” Vi shot her a look, but Caitlyn didnt spare Vi a glance, remaining laser focused on Ahri as Ahri sipped long and slow from her coffee cup. “Whys that?” she asked. “Were building something here,” Caitlyn said, firmly, “and its going to be hard. It already has been hard. Weve got a league against us, the Lone Stars headhunting, we made waves early and embarrassed some teams so theyre coming after us. Were a game out of the playoffs.” “Were operating on a simple phrase,” Vi put in, her posture casual, easy, in contrast to the stiffness that Caitlyn exuded, “and that phrase is ride or die. If youre not down for that, this is going to be a bumpy ride and youre better off proving that you can score for a couple of games and hitching a ride on a trade.” Ahri smiled as she lifted her and held it above the centre of the table, meeting both of her captains eyes in turn. After a moment, Vi held her glass aloft, and so, to, did Caitlyn. “Captains,” Ahri cooed, “that is  exactly  what I wanted to hear.”  “I get that question a lot,” Riven says to the screen, crooked smile showing off a missing incisor from a high slapshot that had taken an unlucky bounce, “how I learned to skate. Its funny because when I was coming up through college, people said I skated wrong — that my form was imperfect.” A loping sixteen year old Riven rounds the net, collects the puck in an errant pass, and turns it up ice, her stride awkward and gangly and  fast . “But I mean, I couldnt give less of a shit what people said about my stride, honestly. They could say it from far, far behind me. They could say it as I was a blur whipping their hair back.” Riven controlling the puck as she approached the net with speed, not so much shooting it as letting it fly off of her stick as it snuck — wobbly — by the goalies skate. “It was hard to find my place in the league when I first came out. I had wheels, but no hands — nobody really knew what to do with me. There was a whole season where I played defence, and — that didnt really go well.” Riven diving for a block, and her head suddenly jerking towards the ice in a gout of blood as the puck ricocheted off of her face. The footage cuts to her holding a towel to her mouth, still on the bench and grinning through a new gap, then immediately wincing. “I was also considered too much of a party girl,” Riven says, sitting on the interview stool in her street clothes — a tee shirt with most of the sides cut away in jagged lines, revealing a lime green sports bra beneath and torn up jeans. She appears to be barefoot as she moves a silver strand of her hair away from her eyes. “The word that the media uses is a,” she lifted nails, chipped black paint on them, and finger quoted, “locker room distraction. But were all professionals — if youre distracted from a girl getting her nut, then that says more about you than me.” Blurry photographs of Riven at clubs, her arm slung around various womens shoulders, two of her intimately dancing posted to different instagrams. Images on Rivens official twitter of her working out, thirst trap pictures, one of her doing a one—armed pull up. “So it makes sense why the Axoltls got rid of my ass — rather than trade me, they just shipped me off. Its a shame that I brought Darius with me, though. He really helped that franchise out.” Riven scratched at her nose, shrugged her shoulders. The footage cuts and shes squinting at the camera for a moment, some time later, her hands in her pockets. “Caitlyn? Shes great. Shes actually — this is true — shes the first person to ever beat me in a skate race in the show. There was a puck in the neutral zone and we both saw it, about equal distance away, and she just decided that it was hers.” Riven in an Axoltls jersey, a step slow to collect the puck as Caitlyn — in a Lone Stars sweater —  scooped it up and passed it behind her to a charging Landsman, who nearly bobbled it. Rivens stick slashes out to clack against Caitlyns who doesnt even look at her, just follows the play as Riven smacks her stick again, face twisting with impatience. “I was so mad at her,” Riven says, back in the interview room, “and you know whats crazy? I believed the hype for sure about her skills but I also believed she was toxic — some of those Lone Stars fuckers really did a great job of making sure other clubs werent interested. It took less than two days with her to realise that that girl is a sweetheart.” Caitlyn and Riven talking in practice jerseys, Caitlyn explaining something, pausing, and reaching to grab a stick. She demonstrates a left—right—left move, tosses the stick to Riven, who parrots it, and then begins skating while performing it, Caitlyn watching her, calling things out and nodding. “Its not every day that you play side by side with one of the best in the world at something,” Rivens voice continues as the footage shifts to her talking to Vi, Vi showing her how to drop her elbow, roll her shoulder to get the maximum leverage out of a hit, “but its even rarer when you get to spend a year with  two  of them.” Riven smiles back in the interview room, shifts again, and flicks her hair. “ Great  looking women in Zaun, too,” she finishes, and her grin stretches wide.  “I want to escape it, you know?” Ahri said, after brunch was consumed and she was three mimosas deep. Caitlyn had tapped out at one but Vi was matching her glass for glass. “I have no problem being second best — no problem whatsoever. Every team needs a second fiddle. But I was second best to someone who was — we were basically equal, you know?” “Thats what made you and Akali so devastating,” Vi pointed out, “the fact that there were two of you.” “Yeah, it was a great strategy. Real great strategy,” Ahri murmured, “Ill miss her — she was awesome. But when it came down to it, I just — I wanted my own shot, you know? And this teams the gate to do that.” “So whats your five year plan?” Caitlyn asked, and Ahri snorted. “Five year plan. Youre exactly what I expected, captain,” Ahri said, saluting her with her fourth mimosa, “heres my five year plan — learn as much as I can from you two, and when my contracts up, see which team is looking for a star, and join up, turn the club into a winner, make it  my  team.” “You have two years left on your deal, right? The Sumprats have you for a couple of campaigns.” “Plenty of time to learn,” Ahri winked, “but honestly, I think the biggest benefit will be not having to match up against you anymore, cap.” Akali had received the lions share of Vis defensive attention when the Ironfists and War Horses had matched up, but every now and again Vi had given Ahri a taste, too. Ahri was a quick thinker, a wily stickhandler, and an amazing scorer — but Vi found little ways to knock her off of her game that added up over the course of 60 minutes. “Feelings mutual,” Vi said with a grin. “Its a great feeling,” Caitlyn added, “she used to beat the crap out of me.” “Yeah, well, there wasnt any other strategy that worked. Which brings me to my next thing,” Ahri said, shifting in her seat, getting animated, “I watched a lot of you over the past months — working out my back and watching tape. I really really think I can help you guys. If we stagger Ashe, Caitlyn and I — I really dont know how anyone stops us.” “We were wondering about that since you landed,” Vi put in, “weve got this lineup called—” “—Hot Girl Shit? Im not touching that lineup — it wouldnt work with me anyways. Whoever Im replacing, Id add scoring but take away what makes it good. Leona and Vi for defence, Ashe and Caitlyn for offence, and Diana as the grinder — its too good, chemistry wise. No, I was thinking Id take Mylo and Tieth.” “That line doesnt produce goals often,” Caitlyn warned, “we mostly use them in defensive scenarios where we need someone slowed down.” “Dont produce goals  yet ,” Ahri said, winking, “Ill make Mylo into the playmaker of every scorers dream, and Poppys going to be our lockdown centre. Give me two weeks with them. Theyll produce.” “You seem pretty confident,” Caitlyn said, evenly, and Ahri smiled wide — canines slightly longer than a usual humanoid, eyes giving her a predatory, spooky look. “I am pretty, and I am confident. Until the freak accident in the finals, I was the best player in the world. Im going to prove that I still am — to any and all takers — and Ill do it without Akali, now.” Ahri grinned at Caitlyn, and Caitlyn just held her gaze, slowly raised her mimosa to her lips and took a nice, long drink. When she finished, she set the glass down, and the twitch of her lips was as sharp as Ahris canines. “You should ask Akali about who she thinks the best in the world is,” Caitlyn said, coolly. “Oh?” “If you catch it at the right time, you can still see the reruns of her hitting the ice behind me.” Vi watched Caitlyn, then watched Ahri — two attractive women having a metaphorical measuring contest right in front of her salad — and rolled her eyes despite how intrigued she was in this Caitlyn who was confident and didnt take shit. Very, very intrigued.  Ahri held Caitlyns gaze for a few more moments before chuckling, shaking her head. “You did her dirty there. She wasnt expecting it.” “Fuck around and find out,” Caitlyn replied, sliding her gaze to Vis, the echo of Vis speech in her tone. “No arguments,” Ahri said, “no arguments at all. She tried circus hockey, and you let her know what the situation was. Still, next time she plays you, shes going to want to even it up. Akali loves a challenge.” Caitlyn nodded, flicking her wrist as if shooing a bug away, and Vi nearly goggled. Who  was  this woman? “Its good that youre confident, too,” Ahri said, “because Im going to let you both in on a little secret.” She shuffled forwards, her face etched in frown lines, and Caitlyn shuffled forwards, too — a serious expression on her own face. Vi leaned a little closer, tried not to make the table look weird to outsiders — they must look like lunatics, all whispering about gossip to the outside eye. “Im not sure if Im going to be a hundred percent,” Ahri murmured, “not for this season, at least. The back injury is bad. Im probably going to be on a minutes restriction for most of the season.” Vi nodded. “We figured as much.” “But Im going to make the ten to twenty minutes a game my bitch,” Ahri said, fiercely, “and I want to outscore Akali. I want to add the War Horses to the teams we dont lose to.” Vi looked to Caitlyn, smiled. “Plenty of room on that list.”  They had referred to it as the bubble — the little home away from home where they didnt need to deal with things like the looming production deadline and release date of the first of their commercials together, or the smug looks of their teammates — a taste of which theyd gotten in their brief jaunt to sign the paperwork listing them as in a relationship — or, as the paperwork had declared, a formal signifier of sexual relations between coworkers. Caitlyn had snorted at the declaration before elegantly signing next to Vis chicken scratch, shaking her head in amusement. When Vi asked her what the deal was, she just rolled her eyes, looked at her  coworker . “I just — if youd told me that I wouldve been signing this paper when we first, uh,” she said, then slid a gaze around the office. They were alone, but the cameras lens was something they were still getting used to checking for. “When you followed me into the bathroom. I wouldve called you crazy.” “I remember you following me,” Vi said, frowning. “You practically told me my dress would look better on your floor,” Caitlyn reminded. Vi perked up at that, shifted, and leaned forwards on the desk to smirk at her. “Do you still have it?” “I do,” Caitlyn replied primly, finishing her signature and pushing it forwards onto Mels desk. Vi watched the reach of her arm beneath her compression tee, thought about the burn in her abdominals and shoulders. Maybe she could convince Caitlyn to take a bath with her tonight. Maybe she could convince her to try the red dress on again afterwards. “Does it still fit?” Caitlyn rose, tossed her hair over her shoulder as she stepped towards Vi, then stopped between her legs and leaned slowly — ever so slowly — down until her lips were near Vis ear. “I practically pop out of it now, darling,” Caitlyn cooed, and Vi shivered, a hand reaching up to cup her hip even as Caitlyn smoothly stepped away. “That was mean,” Vi said without heat as she sprang up to follow, her neck rolling idly on her shoulders as the two of them stepped outside of the office. Vi pulled her car keys out and began jingling them idly as they walked down the arena corridors, her head on a swivel for Leona. “Are you going through with it?” Caitlyn asked. Vi shrugged. “A bet is a bet,” she responded, “and were a game out of the playoffs. I owe her the car.” “You love the car, though,” Caitlyn pointed out. “A bet is a bet,” Vi repeated, “Leona will take good care of her. Besides, it… doesnt have the best memories attached to it.” Caitlyn fell silent at that. “I was, uh,” Vi said, “thinking of buying something with a bigger backseat anyways. More… leg room.” Caitlyn snorted. “Are you giving your car away so you can have a chance at fucking me in one?” “Are you confirming that I would?” Caitlyn paused for a moment, her hand touching Vis shoulder, looking left, looking right, and pressed Vi against the wall of the corridor in a hard, teeth gnashing kiss. Vis hands gripped at Caitlyns elbows before melting away to dangle at her sides, her eyes sliding closed as Caitlyns tongue found its way to the roof of her mouth, sliding over her teeth and back out. Caitlyns eyes were nearly black as she took Vi in, her hands having bracketed on either side of Vis head, sheltering her. “You and your damn hats,” Caitlyn exhaled, tugging at Vis beanie. Vis eyes widened. “The hats do it for you?” Caitlyn opened her mouth, closed it, and the thought she seemed to have — the words on her tongue — evaporated. “Dont be dumb.” “The hats  totally  do it for you,” Vi said smugly. “Shut up. Its not — shut up.” “Ooh, its not  what ?” Vi nagged, poking Caitlyns ribs in a spot that she knew was ticklish now. Caitlyn squirmed away, smacking at her hands and grinning as she juked away, Vi following determinedly. “Vi, cut it out,” Caitlyn said, laughing, and Vi aimed another goose at the back right of Caitlyns shoulder blades, made her twitch and let out a guffaw — a single bark of laughter — just as Leona rounded the corner, hockey bag in tow. Caitlyn straightened to face her as Vi coughed in a fist, the big defender rolling her eyes as she moved to step past them, a smirk fighting to break through on her face. “Oh hey, Leona,” Vi said as she moved past, jogging to catch up as she turned towards Caitlyn and mouthed  to be continued . She waited for Caitlyn to flip her the bird before sidling up to Leona — who hadnt stopped walking — and dangling the keys in her hand. Leona lifted her palm, and Vi dropped them into her hand, watched her close her fist around them. “Deals a deal,” Vi said, and Leona tossed the keys up once, caught them, and stuffed them in her pocket. “Thanks,” she said, “I knew you wouldnt back down from taking the L.” “I thought about it,” Vi replied, “seeing as a lot of our losses werent really performance — just the league fucking with us. But that wouldnt be fair to you.” “Yeah,” Leona said, then shrugged.  “I respect that you want to coast,” Vi began, “and that youve been burned in the past. I guess well just have to keep proving you wrong that were in it to go all the way. Ive got the disease, Leona — I wont stop trying to lift the cup. I think its spreading.” “Well see,” the defender said, twirling the keys. “Diana thinks youre right.” “Diana was always the smarter of the two of you,” Vi said, and then pressed, “I am right, though. A deals a deal but the only reason were not five wins higher is the league. I know you see that. I really hope that the old Leona is in there somewhere and sees all of this.” Leona spun the keys again, glanced at them, and gave a little dagger of a smile. “I guess you guys can just share a car now, huh?” Vis eyes narrowed. “What do you mean?” Leonas little smile became a grin as she pulled out her phone, and opened up an image — a  saved image — and turned it around. It was a group text message. Poppy:
Guess which two lesbians are taking the day off today?

Diana:
SHUT THE FUCK UP

Thresh:
Is it happening? Leona:
We need to find a cover story Poppy:
Sevika just had Claggor and I split their duties for practice today because theyll be detained. Both of them.  Poppy:She didnt give a reason. Diana:👏👏💃🥰 Leona:its about time. But seriously lets figure out what were telling the cameras Thresh:The cameras arent here today. Thresh:Apparently theyre doing a research day or something Diana:HOW ARE YOU ALL NOT LOSING YOUR M I N D S Vis eyes were wide when Leona tucked it back into her pocket, threw up the keys to Vis cherry red sports coupe, caught them with one hand. She tossed them again as Vis eyes jerked to meet her gaze, her face burning hot. “Does everyone know?” she asked, not bothering to deny it. “They do now,” Leona said, just as, from down the hallway, the door to the locker room opened — no doubt Caitlyn finally making it to the door — and The Lonely Islands  I Just Had Sex  began blaring at an ear—splitting level. “Oh god,” Vi groaned, and raced to go back up her— official relationship partner — from the jeering of her teammates. Behind her, Leona laughed, tossed the keys in the air, caught them again. As Vi sprinted around the corner and burst into the locker room, she was confronted by two things simultaneously. Firstly, all of her teammates in pink Hot Girl Shit t—shirts, but altered to have Caitlyn and Vis faces on them making what looked like kissy expressions. The Sumprats — including, God love her,  Ahri  — were all dancing around the second thing she was trying to come to grips with. A white cake on the same pedestal theyd gotten Ashes tiara on, with blue frosting.  Congrats on the Sex!  It read. Slowly, with her entire body, Caitlyn rotated to look at Vi. “I didnt tell them,” Vi said hurriedly. “Yall aint slick,” Graves boomed, “we know what we know.” “Congratulations, you two,” Ahri preened, beginning to cut the cake with quick strokes, “Ive shipped you on twitter for months.” Caitlyns expression was unreadable, and for a moment, an old and buried part of Vi reared its head, anxious and eager to move along, move past any sort of intimacy that she was worried about displaying. A Caitlyn—focused part of her that she was worried had been buried a long time, eager to breach the surface, to become her id instead of an unspoken thing at the bottom of her ocean of thoughts. But then Caitlyn smiled, and it was flushed and embarrassed and beautiful. She smiled, and Vi forgot to breathe for a second. “Busted,” Caitlyn said, and shrugged harmlessly, and Vi felt herself relax. “So,” Poppy crooned, “who wheeled who?”  “In news from hockey,” Anchorwoman Sarah Fortune says in smooth, dulcet tones, “everyones favourite underdog, the Zaun Sumprats, take the ice for the first of a two game series, one home and one away, with the Void Stars. The two teams will be facing off for the second and third times this year, but the Sumprats have added former playoffs MVP candidate Ahri to their roster. The winger and former second scorer to Akali on the War Horses returns from a devastating back injury that came in the RHL Cup Final against the Knights that was rumoured to be career ending. Well see if she can add some much needed scoring to the Sumprats ranks.” Sarah Fortune tapsher papers on the desk, glances at the prompter, and says, “Can I just say that I wasnt at all a hockey fan before this season, but this Zaun team — whew.” She smiles at her empty co—anchors chair, and turns back to the camera. “Anyway. Puck drops at 7:30 PST, 4:30 VST for those who are on the purple coast. For more hockey news, the Shurima Artifacts made a team announcement today that has declared that they are the latest in a slew of teams that have removed themselves from All—Star contention in the wake of alleged favouritism among referees, leaving just two holdouts — the Bangle City Red Pandas, and the Piltover Lone Stars. Neither team has elected to comment thus far, but the Bangle City Red Pandas alums have taken to twitter to demand a response either way. In Piltover, the only comment seems to be from their official twitter, which states, quote: We believe that it serves the fans best interest and the sports interest at large to participate in a tradition that has existed as long as the RHL has.” Sarah taps her papers again. “Following the announcement, the hashtag #whichfans began trending immediately, and stayed trending for twelve hours as the overwhelming majority of RHL fans stormed to Twitters front line to state, unequivocally, that they supported the players decisions in this ongoing discussion.” Sarah smiles as a graphic of replies using #whichfans scrolls past. The footage freezes to pull up @MissFortune — Sarahs official account — with the tweet highlighted: @MissFortune
the all—star game is a gong show anyway — no great loss. get their ass, Vi #whichfans “In basketball news,” she begins as the footage unfreezes.  “I missed this place,” Thresh said as a deafening  shhhhhhhh  erupted from the Void Stars fans, seeming to seep into the slightly purple tinted boards as both teams began their warmups. Poppy glanced at him and nudged his hip, the two grinning at one another as Vi rolled her shoulders, wound up a slapshot in a few test swings. “I always hated playing here,” she confessed, looking up at the crowd — this time all sporting what appeared to be plastic tentacle masks. It was like playing in an arena of cooked octopus — if all the octopi tentacles had eyes and were watching you watch them. “Eh, theres a reason some players on the Void Stars play better in away games,” Thresh said, clacking his stick against Vis skate, “you get used to it.” “Poppy,” Ahri said, skating close to the three of them. Her helmet was specially designed with fox ears built into the plastic to protect her, and her tail was tucked safely into her hockey pads, giving her the appearance of an oddly shaped human. “Ahri,” Poppy replied, grinning. “You remember what we talked about?” Ahri asked. “Knock em down and move along,” Poppy said, glancing over to the Void Stars players. A few of them were staring at their own crowd, seeming a little unsettled. “They look like toothpicks.” “The Void Stars build for speed,” Vi replied, “but if you get a shoulder in them they totally collapse. Just dont get outrun, dont run out of gas.” Ahri nodded, tapped Threshs stick as she skated by. The centre was too focused on the crowd, a wishful, nostalgic expression on his skull—tinted visor. “I missed this place,” he repeated, and twirled his stick in his hands as he went to join the shooting line.  Hot Girl Shit was outgunned slightly at the faceoff, Vi barely missing it as the Void Stars played the puck back, using their speed to shift and reform their offence on the fly. The only skater on the ice that had a prayer of keeping up in a flat—out foot race was Caitlyn, so the Sumprats tried to funnel the Void Stars and predict their movements as they raced across into the attacking zone and rushed Graves glove side. As soon as one of them managed to shake Caitlyn, however, they were barrelled over by a roaring Leona, who sent skater and stick flying to opposing sides of the ice, a hit so big that her helmet jostled on her head. She managed to corral the puck and get it to Caitlyn to start the counter attack, and as Caitlyn moved up ice Leona took a second to stare down at the levelled Void Stars skater, imperious. “This is  my ice ,” Leona snarled, and chased the play. After a big save by the goaltender and a line change, Ahris line leapt out for the first time, immediately being greeted by a round of  Shhhhhhhhh  as Leona and Caitlyn stayed on the ice and Poppy chased the puck into the corner, a war erupting of elbows and knees as Poppy rammed her body into a Void Stars winger, knocking them free of the puck as she played it out.  The Void Stars intercepted the blind pass, and were about to start up ice when Leona dropped her hip and sent the skater flipping onto his back, skates flashing in the air as Leona scooped the puck up and snapped it to Mylo, who bobbled, controlled, and skidded it across the ice to Ahri for a wide open chance. “Hey tendie!” Ahri called, and wound up for a shot, forcing the goalie to drop into their stance as Ahri danced left, pushed the puck right, spun around in a tight circle, and slipped the puck past the goalies sprawling pads. “Good try,” she said sweetly as Mylo and Poppy bapped her head with their gloves, Leona and Claggor — fresh from a quick change for Caitlyn — collected their fist bumps. 1—0 Sumprats, and the vibes in the arena didnt change, the  Shhhhh  becoming a loud  purr . When Leona sat next to Vi on the bench, Vi waited a full beat before knocking her shoulder into the larger woman. “Familiar face out there,” Vi said, and Leona grinned. “Ride or fucking die,” Leona shot back, and tapped Vis skate.  “Whoops,” Ahri gasped out as the Void Stars tendie tried to snag the puck with their glove, Ahri stick—handling it backwards and burying it over their shoulder. She dropped low for a fist pump, raised her arm and bumped her fist against Rivens, tapped Illaois skate with her stick. Ahri was putting on a clinic of stick handling, flashy moves and quick skating as she turned the Void Stars, already a defensively deficient team, around. The pressure she exerted was massive, forcing the Void Stars to over commit to her whenever she was on the ice, her eyes dancing, smile showing even through her mouth guard. Leona, too, was setting the tone, and Vi swore that she saw a younger version of Leona, a version that had sent her bouncing to the ice, a version who planted a flag on her zone and defied anyone to challenge her. She batted pucks away with her stick, blocked shots, and levelled anyone who came near her, her eyes blazing, snarl present. “Put your tongue away,” Vi said to Diana, and Diana gestured at her wife helplessly. “But shes—” Diana started, “but Im — Im so  gay , Vi.” Vis gaze slid to Caitlyn as she barely touched the puck in a no—look pass to set up a big one—timer, focus on her gaze, no smile present — taking it as seriously as she took every second on the ice, loving it and respecting it and demanding more from herself as she played it. “Me too,” murmured Vi, and Viktor called both of their numbers as they stood and waited for the change.  In the third period, Ahri had a chance to complete the hat—trick — a sliver of room between the goalie and the right post — but quickly slid the puck to a trailing Ashe who buried it in the top right corner for the Sumprats third goal of the game. Ahri was gasping for breath as she patted Ashes shoulder and whispered  thats about it for me , and skated to the bench — flushed, exhausted, damp with sweat, and grinning like a madwoman. The Void Stars never had a chance to rally, down 3—0 — the Sumprats kept Ashe, Caitlyn, and Ahri staggered as much as they could, made sure the Void Stars always needed to pay attention to one of their main scorers at all times. With Leona and Illaoi and Poppy and Vi patrolling the ice, punishing mistakes and creating turnovers, the game was over nearly before it started. The nail in the coffin was a pass that squirted away from a scrum in the corner and found Threshs stick, and he zipped up the ice with a Star chasing him, trying and failing to hook the puck off of his stick. Thresh controlled the puck with ease, and abruptly stopped moving near the right of the net, fired a high wrister that found its way through by bouncing off of the netminders chest protector. Thresh mimed throwing a lasso above his head and finished it off with a quick jerk of his stick, like he was hooking something towards him. The Void Stars crowd stood to their feet, loomed there ominously, and didnt make a sound. “This is their version of a standing ovation,” Thresh explained to Vi. “I fucking hate it here,” Vi replied.  The locker room afterwards was light and breezy, Ahri doing her best to keep the mood up and ride the W. With this win they were officially back in the running for the 8 seed, meaning a chance at the playoffs, a shot at the finals. None of them had seen the documentary crew for some time — apparently not since before Vi and Caitlyn had gone into The Bubble — and Vi and Caitlyn soaked up the newfound lightened mood and focus the team had. They were joking and goofing off, but they were also intense about recognizing errors and correcting them, talking about the biggest challenges they had to face, and, most importantly, Leona and Illaoi started getting competitive about who the real backbone of the teams defence was. A friendly competition, Vi observed, one that could only be good for them going forwards. They went through customs — you always had to go through customs in the Void — and flew home in high spirits, the team plane full of songs and goofing off. During the flight, Caitlyn glanced around them, looked at Vi, smiled. “Were still in this.” “We are,” Vi said, and then, “Im sorry for trying to leave.” “You didnt,” Caitlyn said, shrugging, “thats what matters.” Vi smiled at that, leaned over to place her hand over Caitlyns, watched the other woman stiffen. “Is this okay?” Vi asked. Caitlyn nodded, relaxed a little, and glanced around them once — surreptitious — before threading their fingers together. “More than,” she said.  The next game was on Sumprat ice, and it was much of the same as the first in the Void — the Void Stars started strong, got rebuffed by the Sumprats defence, and the Sumprats new scorer and her line dominated. The Void Stars had the speed edge, but all it took were some key Riven minutes to eliminate that — Rivens tank was unending and her stride was in peak form, chasing down loose pucks and quick moving skaters, legs constantly churning up and down the ice. Darius won every key faceoff they asked of him, even bullied his way to a quick snapshot goal in the second to put the Sumprats up 3—1. Their fourth goal came off of Mylo trying to pass it to Ahri behind the net and the Void Stars goalie losing track of it when Diana slid to screen him, pushing his own defender into his line of sight. It wasnt until late in the third that Vi and Caitlyn both realised that they were sitting on the bench and watching their team win — for the first time all season, their team didnt  need  them out there to get the job done. Caitlyn still bagged a goal — a slapshot in front of her parents, seated front and centre near the net, Tobias wearing a crude imitation of the Hot Girls Shit tee probably bought on redbubble — but the majority of the work was done for them, the team coming around them to stand on its own. Poppy and Claggor barked commands and kept the team moving, Diana and Thresh dug the puck out of tight spots, Darius won the faceoffs, Illaoi levelled skaters and kept Ekkos crease clear, and the Sumprats kept driving towards the win. At a commercial break in the action, the announcer came on the loudspeaker with a telltale “Llllllladies and gentlemen,” shocking the players and the fans into silence — a difficult feat in the Last Drop Arena. “Presenting a live reveal of a commercial series featuring your captains: Caitlyn Kiramman and Vi Wickett!” The crowd went ballistic as Vi and Caitlyn glanced at each other, unsnapping their helmets and settling in for however long this took. They looked up at the jumbotron as it slowly faded to black, music filling the arena.  “We dont back down,” a female voice says in the darkness, as swelling guitar rises behind her words, “thats the first thing you need to know about us.” A flash of Caitlyns profile, back to the camera, rifle in her hand at her side. “The second thing you need to know about us that that theres no quit in us — no bell we hear ringing.” A flash of Vis profile facing the opposite direction, bulky gauntlets on her hands, back to the camera. “The third thing you need to know about us?” A flash of the gauntlets and the rifle hitting the ice, the clack of wood as both Vi and Caitlyns hands are filled with hockey sticks, brandishing them like the weapons theyd just discarded. “You better come correct,” the womans voice soothes. Caitlyn turns around to face the camera, a determined expression on her face — lips curled in a scowl. A crowd erupts into wild cheers as she stares at the camera, her eyes deepened through editing. Vi, too, turns to face the camera, a smirk on her face as she tilts her chin upwards so shes looking down her nose, cocky and confident. The crowds cheers grow in volume as the camera pulls away so theyre facing each other, smirk and scowl meeting at opposite edges of the screen. “Or get corrected,” the woman finishes, as Vis hand extends, and Caitlyns takes it. Quick flashes of Vi and Caitlyn on the ice in Sumprats jerseys — Caitlyn and Vi passing to one another, Vi leveling a skater with Caitlyn there to scoop the puck up, Vi getting the puck to Caitlyn for her second goal at the first Piltover game, Vi thumping Caitlyns chest as she mouths the words  bad motherfucker , Caitlyn the first to grip onto Vis jersey as Vi raises her arms in celebration to bring her into a hug. “Were the Sumprats,” the woman continues, and Vi and Caitlyn charge the camera, suddenly stopping in a geyser of snow, Sumprats jerseys on, hair flowing behind them. They fold their arms, lean back to back. “And were coming for it.”  As the video ends, as the lights come up and the crowd is going absolutely apeshit, the footage of the documentary zooms in to capture Vi and Caitlyns reactions, seconds after the commercial ends: 
  
  Back in the documentary footage, text scrolls in the centre, dated as March 5th, 2023. A twitter account — @CopperDragma — has tweeted a video. On it, the following caption begins to type, edited to look like it was typed live: watching clip#2 on rpt in the @tayswiffer leaked footage — i found something. blew up two moments for clarity. tw assault, pls mind ur spoons: The footage is grainy, with a constantly running timer and date in the bottom right hand corner, lines slowly dancing across it in a lazy rhythm that speaks to both its quality and age. The date lists the footage as 2010 — Caitlyn and Vis second year in the league. On screen, Caitlyn is standing at a metal locker in an equipment room, stowing some gear inside it — normally a rookie task. Her movements are quick and efficient, a product of how often shes accomplished this task. The door opens off camera, and Caitlyn jerks her gaze towards it, hand tightening on the locker shes at as she slams the door — soundless. The only audio on the footage is the distant whine of the film rolling at a consistent clip. Caitlyn turns to head towards the doorway and suddenly backs up as a much larger figure fills the frame, their back to the camera at first. Caitlyns face is plainly visible as she stands in a wide stance, fists at her sides, brow set in an angry line as the figure says something to her, making her shake her head in fury as the figure steps forwards — Caitlyn holding her ground. Caitlyns eyes roll, and she goes to step around the figure when the figure turns to lash out, sending Caitlyn slamming into the locker, smashing into it. She immediately flinches away from the contact and clutches her ribs as she doubles over, and the figure watches impassively for a few moments, clearly says another few words. Caitlyn responds by giving the hulking figure a middle finger as she remains doubled over, and the figure turns away from her to leave, finally showing her face to the camera as the footage freezes. Terri Landsmans face is grainy, but unmistakable — her frustration writ large on her features as she stomps towards the exit, graceless, a wounded animal. As she leaves, Caitlyn leans back against the lockers, presses her hands into her eyes, and pulls her phone out. Her fingers on it are quick and efficient, and again the footage freezes as for a second her contact information is illuminated. A V with a censored number appears in the moment between Caitlyn selecting it and pressing her phone to her ear. In a reply to the tweet, @CopperDragma continues: so we can clearly see that thats terri landsman that shoved caitlyn — which adds up w/ the reports. we can also clearly see caitlyn call a V — vi? #CaitVi confirmed???? The graphic slides to the left as the screen zooms in to see the trending topics, and slowly pans downwards to reveal three in rapid succession. Caitlyn Kiramman, one reads. Terri Landsman, another declares


RHL Landsman Scandal, the last reads.



  
  Excerpt from The Sumprats: The 2022 Season In Game Notes

  By 3 time All—Star Goaltender Graves

  Publication Date: 2025
 
  Were now at the unfortunate juncture where I need to talk about the elephant in the room, and those of you who are looking to quickly clip what I had to say about this mess to post it on twitter, Im going to go ahead and say it — you can go fuck yourself. Anyone who is looking to make content about someone elses story about abuse, you can do the same. I never wanted to talk about this because its not my story to tell, but it became so embedded in all of our experiences throughout the last quarter of the season that we all had to figure out how to deal with it.
 
  Im talking, of course, about the certain ex—Captain of Caitlyn Kirammans.
 
  No, Im not going to type her name. Typing her name means that the content skimmers who are looking to get views on a news article for a quick buck (fuck yourselves) is just that much easier to find. I know the kneejerk is that Im protecting her, but I have a response to that: we all know who Im talking about, and  nobodys protecting her.
 
  But yes. I want to touch on the situation, but I dont want to rehash it. Its been well recorded and explored by many very good journalists — Spaghetti Teddy, Taylor Swiffer and Jack Jackson covered it, wewon1 on YouTube had a specifically very good and comprehensive video essay about the subject — and all of those people would do a better job than I could. So instead I want to discuss the very vocal opinion culture that sprang up around the issue — opinion culture that was deeply, deeply inappropriate.
 
  You see, there was a certain flavour of RHL analyst at the time that got most of their information from insider scoops. This is a decent way to get information for the most part among sports journalism — coming from the horses mouth, as it were — but the problem starts to arise when journalists dont source their information from multiple people. I know a few among you would see me plug Spaghetti Teddy above and say, hey, hes a Sumprats reporter, of course Graves would seek him out and put him up as an example in a two sided debate.
 
  But what Caitlyn dealt with 
  
    wasnt
  
   two sided, nor was it a situation that needed multiple opinions. This wasnt a discussion about what colour to make the championship banner. This dealt with very real trauma perpetuated by a group of human beings onto one human being — and later, as it was revealed, a half dozen human beings.
 
  Because of the timeline with which this book is written, I wanted to skip this entirely. I wasnt very active in March, anyways — at that point, Ekko had firmly secured the starting tendie position — and was mostly a team manager and bench warming crackpot. But Caitlyn approached me about putting it in the book, explained that she wanted me to talk about what we discussed as a team about how to deal with it, let me know that, given time and distance, she wanted the conversations to keep happening despite how far in the rearview mirror it was.
 
  I told you all early in this book that Caitlyn was the angriest of us all, but it took us a while to notice it. Shes very well put together — Im sure Vi would agree with me there — and its hard to notice or clock when shes really, really angry. The first peek of it occurred when Mylo got absolutely embarrassed by Akali in the first War Horses game — you remember the highlight? Its the first one anyone plays when they run back a Caitlyn Kiramman montage — Caitlyn sizes Akali up, dekes her out of her shorts, smacks the puck out of the net to score. That entire time she was livid — it was like there was ice reforming around her as she skated, making her movements slick and calculated.
 
  Caitlyn has always maintained that she didnt do it this way on purpose, and that the puck almost got away from her, but I think thats out of concession to how much respect she has for Akali than the truth. Because what the highlight 
  
    doesnt
  
   show you is that the way Caitlyn hit it out of the air triggered an instant replay in the arena, so 20,000 fans — and more watching live — had to sit and watch their star player get embarrassed over and over and over again on the jumbotron. The entire time this happened, Caitlyn was just staring at Akali, barely acknowledging her teammates.
 
  I could feel how sharp her glare was from the opposite crease, and thats what Caitlyns real power was — over all of us. When she was on the ice, she commanded respect, gave you the same, and was unquestionably the most skilled player out there. In the locker room, she was a quiet and calm presence, easy with her affections and warmth but not overly vocal with praise or criticism.
 
  We all loved her — the 
  
    city
  
   loved her.
 
  I say all of this, because the opinion culture that sprang up around her once that tape hit the air hit her hard, and made us all furious alongside her. She was bombarded with everyone all at once knowing her entire history — one that was, to her, a shameful one. Nobody should have a take on someones abuse — learning about someones past with a manipulator is not an invitation to take a side or a stand or inject yourself into the narrative in any way, shape, or form. We should band together to learn from it, certainly. We should push for reform, definitely. We should denounce and decry and obliterate the abuser from the records, strip them of accolades, and ensure they are never back in the community in which they fostered this behaviour — 100%. 
 
  But there are those among the journalism community who didnt want to lose their good, good 
  
    sources
  
   inside Piltovers organisation, which led to them putting some truly vile and absolutely unfair opinions out into the world. To these people I say: fuck you.
 
  To anyone who said well if it was that bad, why didnt she leave, 
  
    fuck 
  
  you.
 
  To anyone who said Im sure there was two sides after seeing the video, 
  
    fuck 
  
  you.
 
  To anyone who said this is pro sports, temperatures run hot, 
  
    fuck 
  
  you.
 
  To anyone who said well what did Caitlyn do to illicit that response, 
  
    fuck 
  
  you.
 
  This was never your platform for debate or deliberation — this was never a space where your two cents were going to be received with grace. The only thing your fair coverage did was act as a dangerous smoke screen for a snake who was hiding in plain sight, and did so for years. You are not psychologists, you have no history or understanding of what abuse does to the victims psychology or how abusers isolate and remove their victims from their safety nets, you are a glorified couch sitting so—called expert of a sport that we all love. For every journalist or hockey figure or person in power “just trying to get the truth”, there were five or six that were saying that this person was a tyrant, an absolute monster, a disgrace of a human being.
 
  Anyone with half a brain and no agenda to keep their contacts secure would know that Caitlyn Kiramman wasnt capable of antagonising someone to the point that theyd do what was done to her. I can fully believe she was an awkward kid, maybe a little shy which can be viewed as standoffish, and she definitely has a weird sense of humor — though shes the funniest fucking person Ive ever been privileged to call a friend — that might be off—putting at first. But theres nobody Id rather have in my foxhole, on my team, or at my dinner table.
 
  If you disagree with that despite the overwhelming evidence, if youre one of the few still making clickbait content about how Caitlyn was lying and talking about doctored footage, I have two words for you.
 
  Fuck 
  
    you.
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  Run at the Cup.
 
  January Part Two: Details
 
  “The interesting thing about coaching is that you have to trouble the comfortable, and comfort the troubled.” — Ric Charlesworth

  
  

  
    March, 2019
  

  
    Sevikas last season as a player
  
 
  “Kiramman,” Sevika said, her skates feeling a little sluggish — left side of her left blade needed a bit of a polish — as she crossed over the open ice to follow the defenseman on her pre—game warmup. Sevika knew that most teams liked to park someone on the phenom as she skated back and forth on the centre line, tried to get in her head early to knock her off of her game, but Sevika didnt have it in her — not tonight. Not when the end of the season beckoned her, slowly approaching, a steady, thrumming march that sounded like a funeral song.
 
  Shed always known the day was coming when shed need to hang them up and skate into the sunset, the day when Sevika would explore coaching for real instead of just something she did in her spare time when her team was once again saddled with a weak person with weak ideas trying to turn the slapdash car wreck of a Red Pandas squad into an actual contender, but with it so close — and seeming closer each time she bent her knees and felt the slow, consistent scream of pain — she was feeling a little more emotional of late.
 
  So she didnt shadow Caitlyn, as much as she loved the idea. Vi had introduced the world to the tactic, and even all these years later, Sevika wasnt even sure if it worked.
 
  Caitlyn ignored her at first — Kiramman always ignored you. Her mental toughness was something that had always been admired by Sevika, even from afar. The woman just didnt let any of it — any of this — get under her skin.
 
  “Hey, Kiramman,” Sevika said again, skating close, voice going a bit softer, and this time Caitlyn opened her eyes, raising both eyebrows in Sevikas direction, a curious tilt to her head.
 
  “Sevika,” Kiramman greeted, and Sevika smiled through her mouthguard, spat it into her hand. Caitlyn hesitated, spat her own out, and slowed her momentum down enough to guide them to the boards so they could lean while they talked.
 
  “Sorry,” Sevika began, “Ill let you get back to it, of course, I just — this might be the last time we play each other.”
 
  Caitlyns face was impassive as Sevika explained, but there was a twitch there, Caitlyns eyebrow raising slightly, her lips tugging downwards in what looked like a frown. Sevika wasnt sure if the other woman felt happy or sad to hear that she was making a graceless exit, but she barrelled forwards.
 
  “And I just wanted to say, you know — I know that were long out of the playoffs, and you guys already have the playoffs locked up, so this game dont mean much in the grand scheme, but Id appreciate it if you didnt go light on us tonight.”
 
  Caitlyn mulled this over, lifted a shoulder, and said, “youre hanging them up?”
 
  “Gonna have to,” Sevika said, but didnt elaborate more. She didnt really know Caitlyn like that — not enough to reveal the anguish and exhaustion that came with giving up the one thing you were good at — the one thing that you were so good at that theyd pay you millions to keep doing it.
 
  “Thats a shame,” Caitlyn replied, and her voice was still wooden, guarded. Sevika glanced down towards the Lone Stars bench, saw that their big brute of a captain — Landsman, Sevika vaguely recalled, dismissively — was watching them.
 
  “Yeah, I dont want sympathy,” Sevika said firmly, “I want one last good competition before I go. I already played Wickett for the quota this game and Garren wont suit up against me, so youre it. Im going to fucking smoke you, so I expect the same treatment.”
 
  Normal RHL players would chirp back, shove back, smile and laugh and revel in the competition. Sevika knew their breed, knew that easy rhythm of conversation laden with cheerful insults meant to prove sharp wit alongside skill with a stick.
 
  Caitlyn Kiramman wasnt any normal RHL player, however.
 
  She was exceptional.
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn responded, and popped her mouthguard in, nodded, and skated away. Sevika skated back to her bench, putting a big glove on her enforcer as she started to take up the ritual that Sevika just abandoned.
 
  “Not tonight,” Sevika said, staring across the ice as — for her money — the best current player in the RHL carved a familiar path into the red centre line.
 
  “No gimmicks tonight.”
  
  Sevika loved playing against Kiramman, though admittedly their matchup wasnt the best. Kiramman was unlike any other hockey player Sevika had played against, a lethal sniper, gifted and hard working, and frustratingly, one who was just never backed up by her squad.
 
  Sevika had always had a low opinion of Coach Danforth ever since hed put Terri Landsman on her in a defensive assignment early in Landsmans career. At the time, Landsman was considered the prodigal successor to Sevikas playstyle — a big lumbering hulk with hands and a good shoulder. The idea at the time, the narrative pushed, was the then—21 year old would defeat Sevika and meet her in centre ice for a metaphorical passing of the big bad defensive minded forward crown.
 
  What had 
  
    actually
  
   happened, however, was that Sevika had beaten the pants off of Landsman, skated circles around her in an embarrassing win. The Pandas had no trouble dismantling those early Lone Stars squads, not when Sevika was at the peak of her powers with her slapshot still hard and her wheels intact. When the game had ended, Sevika had found nobody worth passing the torch to, and had difficulty remembering Landsmans name, even.
 
  She remembered Caitlyns, though — an immediate impact player. She also remembered Vis — the first game the Pandas had played against the 
  
    Ironfists
  
  , Sevika had remembered — had met Vi at centre ice as a rookie, grinned at the smaller woman who had levelled her a few times, who never stopped battling, who had hands of stone but a shoulder of pure steel and wouldnt ever give up on a play.
 
  About Landsman, Sevika had said 
  
    might be good in the future, yeah
  
  .
 
  About Wickett, Sevika had said 
  
    who 
  
  
    was
  
  
     that? Shes a fucking missile.
  
 
  But Kiramman was a defensive challenge, a logistical nightmare. Sevika could usually knock her down if she got a body on her, but the problem was that Kiramman never stayed down for long — kept coming like a jack in the box, or a terminator. She was genuinely terrifying when the score was close and the puck was on her stick, and she only got more and more threatening as she refined her game to a knifes edge.
 
  Today, in their last game together, Sevika was just as scared as shes always been with Caitlyn having the puck.
 
  The Red Pandas were up 1—0 late in the third, and the game — a game that meant nothing from a standings standpoint, a meaningless game in late March with both teams fairly sure where theyd stand in the playoffs — was incredibly tight. Bodies flew around rattling into the boards, the Lone Stars flew up and down the ice in a dump—and—chase strategy that had Caitlyns dark hair whipping behind her as her long legs cut up ice, dekeing and dodging body checks as she continuously pushed the action. The Red Pandas all keyed off on her, tightening up as the leagues deadliest scorer in do—or—die situations worked in her element.
 
  Anytime she had the puck on her stick, the Red Pandas goaltender tensed, wincing as they ducked forwards, eyes wide. Anytime she passed it, the defence sighed with relief as she circled like a shark. Sevika stuck to her as best as she could, her wheels holding up for one more adrenaline fuelled game as the Bangle City fans began jeering, a nearly full house to watch the last ever Lone Stars v Sevikas Red Pandas game to ever take place.
 
  Disaster struck when Sevika stepped into a bodycheck to knock the puck away from Kiramman with two minutes left, and Caitlyn stepped around the check, rolled with it, and suddenly had a breakaway with Sevika right behind her. Cursing, Sevikas legs churned as Caitlyn snatched up the puck and turned on her jets, ice chips flying from her skates as she careened across centre ice and pushed the puck ahead, going and going and going. Sevika managed to get her stick on the puck at the last second to knock it towards the boards, and pivoted to follow Kiramman after it. Kiramman gathered it back up, slid the puck back towards the blue line, and suddenly, Sevika saw it.
 
  Good scorers had something that Sevika and Vi called 
  
    the look
  
  , when they knew they had a chance, when they knew that they could haul off on the puck and it was going 
  
    in
  
  . For some it was a slight widening of the eyes, as if they couldnt believe their luck. For others, it was the peek of teeth as their mouths widened in a pre—goal roar, imagining their celebration before they shot. Sevika and Vi always talked about it because they loved spotting it, loved watching the 
  
    look
  
   crumble into disappointment when they blocked the shot with a dive or stripped the puck or bodied them so hard that they crumpled.
 
  Defense was a mental game and a physical one, and if you saw the 
  
    look
  
   and snatched the goal away from a scorer when they knew— they 
  
    knew
  
   — they had you, you rattled them, got in their heads, started to win the mental battle.
 
  Caitlyns look was simple, and it had been harder and harder to discern as Caitlyn had gotten better and better — a slight curling of the lips, a satisfied smile.
 
  Caitlyn had the 
  
    look
  
  , and Sevika knew she couldnt stop it — wouldnt make it in time. Even as she dropped low to begin to block the shot, even as she began to lay out totally in front of it, determined to give it her all, she knew Caitlyn had her beat, had her tendie beat, and it was going to be 1—1, going to cruise towards overtime where Caitlyns fresh legs and younger team would have the edge.
 
  Instead, however, Sevika flopped on the ice for nothing, as Caitlyn whipped the puck in a pass to land right on Landsmans stick in the slot, giving her an open shot. Sevika had to leap to her feet quickly on the recovery and charge into Landsman shoulder as the other woman wound up, the jostle just enough to send Landsmans shot careening wide — 
  
    very
  
   wide — and rattling around the glass before flipping over the top and into the net, the play whistled dead.
 
  Sevikas gaze whipped around to Caitlyns even as Landsmans did, Landsman growling as she pushed a few strides closer to the scorer.
 
  “I want it right here, dumbass,” Landsman said, clapping her stick on the ice twice, right in front of her skate — right where Caitlyn had delivered it.
 
  Kiramman gave Landsman a bland stare, and skated back towards the bench as Landsman grunted in frustration, skated once in a circle, and headed back towards the faceoff circle, Sevika glancing between them rapidly.
 
  “Thought I was dead there,” the tendie said to Sevika as Sevika patted their pads.
 
  “Thought we were too,” Sevika replied, “rare mistake, I guess.”
 
  Sevikas eyes settled on Landsman as the big woman rubbed at her nose with a gloved finger, shifted to Kiramman as she sat on the bench, staring ahead in an icy gaze, the coach — Danforth — barking something down the line towards her. Half of the team, Sevika realised, were disinterested, their eyes darting between Landsman and Kiramman in nervous intervals.
 
  Sevika skated back towards the faceoff, inhaling sharply, exhaling deeply, and got settled for the play.
  
  
    Present day
  
  .
 
  “Somethings going on,” Sevika said, perched on the shelf — something that, without realising it, she was beginning to refer to as 
  
    her 
  
  shelf in her head.  It invited a line of thinking that she didnt have the time or energy to invest much thought into — she just liked sitting there, it was necessary to spend more time with the GM of the Sumprats, as her boss, and the shelf allowed enough pain to ease in her knees that it wasnt necessary to analyse further.
 
  The fact that she was treated to a lot of profiles of Mel as she poured over digital reports or monitored team news had very little to do with anything.
 
  “In regards to?” Mel questioned.
 
  “Piltover,” Sevika replied, then amended, “well, something 
  
    went on
  
  , I should say. Ive had a few sniffs at it and it doesnt smell right.”
 
  “Charming,” Mel murmured, before twirling her pen in expert, dainty fingers and adding on: “what doesnt smell right about it?”
 
  “Stop pretending to read,” Sevika snapped, “youre pen twirling. You only do that when youre thinking hard about something.”
 
  Mel raised a manicured eyebrow and slowly lifted her gaze. “Someones grumpy.”
 
  “Of course Im grumpy. Im an RHL head coach. They dont come with a 
  
    content
  
   setting.”
 
  “Okay, head coach,” Mel replied, “Ill bite. Youve done some thinking?”
 
  “Yeah,” Sevika said, “yeah Ive done some thinking. What if its worse than we assumed?”
 
  “Piltover,” Mel stated, then gestured for her to continue.
 
  Sevika shifted on the bookshelf. “Piltover, yeah. We know some shit went down between Caitlyn and Landsman — some beef that Landsman said that Caitlyn started. We know thats probably unlikely seeing as Caitlyn has turned out to not at all be the horrible, no good teammate that shes portrayed to be.”
 
  “Reports of her unfriendliness have been greatly exaggerated,” Mel said, helpfully. Sevika nodded, fidgeting lightly until she could get her hand in her pocket and popped a piece of gum in her mouth to chew. Her molars would be ground into dust by the time she was done with this season, but the relief they gave made them a hard habit to bust.
 
  “You should ease off the gum,” Mel said, as if she could read minds, “its going to give your teeth hell.”
 
  “If I dont chew it, I just grit them anyways,” Sevika pointed out, “this way, when you think about it, Im actually 
  
    saving
  
   my teeth.”
 
  “No holes in that logic,” Mel responded blithely, “continue your thought, love.”
 
  
    Love?
  
   “Right. So — the one thing that I think we can appreciate about Landsman is a public image thing. Shes made some very high profile friends in pretty high spots, because otherwise, why would she even be talked about?”
 
  “She gets stats,” Mel reasoned, “maybe thats why.”
 
  “No, you dont get it,” Sevika said, folding her hands in her lap, “when youre out there with her — shes sometimes a complete non—factor, Medarda. She disappears for long stretches. You cant ignore that Vi is out there, for example, or Garren, KaiSa, Caitlyn — they all have a gravitational pull to them because theyre so head and shoulders good. But Landsman can disappear — shes not good enough in any category to carry any facet of their team. And yet, all I saw when we were doing the research was articles about her being the heart and soul of that Piltover team. Fuck, some yokels had her as more important than Kiramman.”
 
  “I remember that narrative,” Mel said, “that was early in Caitlyns career. That she was more talented but Landsman was more important. Its always struck me as a ridiculous statement to make, and one difficult to challenge.”
 
  “Yup. Its just like the whole top ten players, in no particular order bullshit. If you have a top ten, you just dont want to get yelled at for getting it wrong.”
 
  “I get your point, though,” Mel mused, “so you think that Landsman buried Caitlyn in the media?”
 
  “I think that Landsman buried Caitlyn,” Sevika replied, hesitated, and then rose. She walked to the office door, slowly eased it closed, and leaned back against it with her hands in her pockets.
 
  Mels eyebrows both shot up to her hairline, and she straightened. “What?”
 
  “I think that Landsman buried Caitlyn,” Sevika repeated, “but the media was only one part of it.”
 
  “What are you insinuating?” Mel snapped out.
 
  “Its just — its a vibe. Claggor and I talked about it, how Caitlyn doesnt seem used to any of the rituals around being a team. Vi basically had to teach her to captain from the ground up — Caitlyn looks to her for the most basic of advice. Then theres the fact that the team froze her out some — when I played against them, in a few games, they would have her on shovel—puck duty.”
 
  “We have her on shovel—puck duty sometimes.”
 
  “Its not the same,” Sevika said, firmly, “I have to pressure her to take shots that she shouldnt be passing up. Or, well, I did — shes got it now. Its like she was hesitating and kept passing it to worse scorers, or was used to passing it to worse scorers. You could see it on her face, sometimes — she got a good look and passed it up.”
 
  Mel crossed her legs and leaned back in her chair, her hands folding on her lap — gold rings glinting against her dark skin. Sevika noticed the way the shimmery gold gown she wore hugged her curves and forced herself to focus on the conversation.
 
  “The way we use Caitlyn,” Sevika continued, “is like a quarterback, or like a decoy. Anyone on the ice knows she could pull the trigger at any point, but she passes and fakes and keeps the offence flowing so that nobody knows 
  
    when
  
   its coming. Shes making everyone better out there. The Piltovers used her as a puck machine — spit out pucks so we can score.”
 
  “Why isnt that reflected in the stats?” Mel asked, calmly, coolly, “If she was just used as a passing bot, she wouldnt have as many goals as she does.”
 
  “She was selective,” Sevika replied, simply, “and at one point the want to win overrode whatever pissing contest that Landsman and Danforth — and Im lumping them together because the coach would have to know — so in do or die games or games where they had playoff stakes, the team lets her off the leash a little.”
 
  Mel drummed her fingertips together, one at a time, as she mulled this over. “So youre saying it was a conspiracy?”
 
  “Im saying that Caitlyn could take a dead dog and make it into a 40 win team. The only way the Lone Stars got beaten ever with their talent is because they got caught in team politics rather than winning.”
 
  Mel pursed her lips, pressed her joined index fingers to them, like she was kissing a gun. Her brows furrowed as she considered the new information, and then her lips twisted as she placed her hands flat on the desktop and slowly nodded.
 
  “Id heard some things,” Mel began, “way back when we were doing the research about Caitlyn and Vi, when we started talking about building around two captains. I had a conversation with the Piltover Lone Stars GM at the time that was quite interesting. Theyve since moved on from her, but she said that Kiramman was frustrating in the locker room and cited a few chilly team meetings that she didnt show up for.”
 
  “Shes never missed a team outing as a Sumprat,” Sevika said.
 
  “Well, apparently, she skipped every single one as a Lone Star. I asked why that was, and all she would say was that Landsman always kept a detailed attendance record and that Kiramman was usually the only one absent. It got a little worse towards the end of Caitlyns time there — apparently she had half the team not bothering to go to them, made it hard for Landsman to get across the gameplans.”
 
  Sevika frowned. “I wonder who else would bail.”
 
  “Not sure,” Mel said, “I didnt ask. The GM was eager to brag about drafting her but thats all she would say — I drafted Caitlyn Kiramman.”
 
  “Drafted her, then squandered her.” Sevika said, snorting.
 
  Mel nodded. “Undoubtedly. But it does speak to your point. It would make sense why shes such a gem and clearly never had the support she needed — if it was pure ego, plain and simple. Some players just want the glory and fame and to be the best on their team. Maybe Landsman didnt like being second fiddle.”
 
  Sevika remained silent at that, still leaning against the door, staring down at the carpet. The rings on Mels fingers caught the weak light from the setting sun, reflected in brilliant orange.
 
  “I just think something weird happened,” Sevika said, “and not weird in a cute way. I think they did this woman badly — they did her badly and they expect to get away with it. Its just — its a gut feeling that I have.”
 
  “Youre usually pretty trustworthy with the gut feelings,” Mel replied, and then, “do you want me to look into this?”
 
  “Dont waste your time if youre busy,” Sevika said, shrugging, “Im sure with the deadline coming up—”
 
  “Were not trading,” Mel said, spreading her hands.
 
  Sevika eyed her. “Itd be stupid to lock that in this early. Theres three months before the deadline.”
 
  “We have Ahri,” Mel replied, plainly. “I have the exact team I set out to get from the beginning. Im not aborting it unless the Knights lose their minds and offer me Garren.”
 
  “Ahris on limited minutes,” Sevika began, “Caitlyn is still playing unsustainable minutes, Vi isnt 100% yet, Ekko and Graves are in a war for the starting tendie job that Im not sure either are going to win.”
 
  “Youre going to win,” Mel said simply, “because the team believes in what you and Vik are doing, and because they believe in one another. Im not having rumours from this office leak to the press and jeopardise that. Im not entertaining any trades that arent a blockbuster superstar — the Sumprats are built to win. Prove it to them.”
 
  Sevika nodded resolutely. “Okay.”
 
  “Prove it to me,” Mels voice was softer.
 
  “Okay.”
  
  The Red Pandas came to town, and the Sumprats punched them in the mouth with a goal in the first two minutes, coming off of a Mylo one—timer fed to him by Ahri trailing the play. Immediately, Sevika called a play off of the next faceoff that fed the puck out to Illaoi for a quick three passes that got Ashe the puck in the low slot, allowing her to skid the puck home between the Red Pandas goalie for a quick two goal lead. The Red Pandas became listless, skating around in confused circles as Sevika waved Vi and Caitlyn over with frantic motions, keeping the intensity high.
 
  Through her chomping gum, Sevika put a hand on both of her captains shoulders and laid the rest of the game out in two simple words.
 
  “Body em,” she said, and the captains nodded.
 
  Poppy, Thresh, and Darius got a lot of ice time as they funnelled the plays away from Ekkos crease, keeping the goaltenders sight lines as clear as possible for the odd one—timer or awkward angle. Vi conducted the defence with gleaming eyes and a predatory smile, the Sumprats rattling the boards with Red Pandas sweaters and staining the glass red and orange as jersey after jersey smeared across them.
 
  They felt truly broken and dispirited when they managed a breakaway late in the third, a Red Panda turning on the jets to race the puck towards a waiting Ekko, the tendie tensing up as his eyes locked on the puck.
 
  The Red Panda deked left, handled the puck back right, and Riven blew past him, snagging the puck off of his stick and sending it careening back down the ice, slamming her brakes so hard that she was almost at a forty five degree angle, snowing the audience with a jet of ice chips.
 
  Caitlyn snatched the puck from the air, dropped it on her stick, and batted it across the blue line to Vi, who dropped to one knee to hammer it home top drawer, and let out a battle roar so loud that for a moment it drowned out the screaming Sumprats fans.
 
  The game ended 3—0, and the rejuvenated Sumprats headed into the tunnel flushed and happy, Sevika staring across at the visitors bench, chewing her gum, and waggling her eyebrows at her former bosses as they consoled their team and headed back to their own locker room.
 
  “Not much to say,” Sevika said later in her teams locker room, “we have some shit to tidy up, but all in all, that was textbook fucking Thumprat hockey. Good work.”
 
  The locker room cheered as she grinned, flipping the game puck to Ekko for the shutout, a proud Graves looking on.
  
  “Youre giving me the hook?” Graves asked later, a glass of wine in his hand as Sevika sat across from him in the little closet she called an office. She didnt trust big spaces, didnt know what to do with half the shit, and big offices tended to lead to other people wanting to hang out in them all the time.
 
  Exhibit A: she spent a lot of time in Mels office these days.
 
  “Thinking on it,” Sevika said, then eyed the old goalie, “that good with you?”
 
  “Does that matter?”
 
  Sevikas face scrunched in insult, and Graves barked out several long, loud laughs, shaking his head so wildly his bushy beard shook with it.
 
  “Of course it fucking matters,” Sevika grunted, “but I figure youll see it my way.”
 
  “Which way is that?” Graves asked, gamely.
 
  “Youve got bad knees, worse temperament, youre slowing down in all the places you can feel it. Getting dressed to play hurts, and sometimes you skip a workout just to ice your joints.”
 
  Graves waited a beat. “What are you, reading my diary?”
 
  Sevika smiled. “Thats how it was for me.”
 
  “Its not the knees. Its my shoulders, inner thighs. My hamstrings, sometimes — fuck, Coach, my hamstrings ache something fierce. But that young buck out there literally can do somersaults, so suffice it to say that I knew this was comin sooner rather than later.”
 
  “Ekkos very good,” Sevika said, “maybe even great. The sooner we get him regularly between the pipes, the better it is long term.”
 
  “Long term, huh?” Graves murmured, scratching at his beard. “Never known a coach to be so sure theyre sticking around.”
 
  “Everything changes,” Sevika allowed, “but this is my team, and Mels team, and I think so long as she has a job here, I will too. Considering she sold the arena out for the rest of the season, I can at least look towards next year.”
 
  Graves took a long sip of his wine, licked the droplets off of his moustache, and gave Sevika a long, slow smile.
 
  “Put the boy savior in,” Graves said, “honestly, he earned it for doing so much for you guys when I was out.”
 
  Sevika nodded. “Ill slide you a game or two, here and there.”
 
  “Sure, keep me honest and limber.”
 
  Sevika snorted. “Just when the kid needs a break — back to backs, that sort of thing. Im going to need your presence, though, big guy — youre crazy but youre good in the locker room.”
 
  “Crazy good at hockey, maybe,” Graves sniped, and then nodded, the crows feet around his eyes elongated into shadows, deep creases on his tired face. This was a man who had been doing this longer than Sevika had — a man who had seen a lot of change in the RHL, good and bad, forgotten more about hockey than many players would ever learn.
 
  Sevika respected him for knowing when it was twilight, when to go inside and call it a career. It had taken her a year too long, in hindsight, to give in to rotting knees and hips.
 
  “Ill keep him on the straight and narrow. Hes weird — he doesnt even do rituals, or talk to himself.”
 
  Sevika nodded. “That 
  
    is 
  
  weird.” For a tendie. “Im going to need something else, too.”
 
  “Shoot.”
 
  “Kiramman,” Sevika said, “the Lone Stars. Any dirt there?”
 
  Graves scowled. “Eh. Not much Id want to repeat in good company.”
 
  “Im worried,” Sevika said.
 
  “Stop,” Graves advised.
 
  Sevika frowned. “Stop worrying?”
 
  “Its Caitlyns business,” Graves said, “if she wants you to know, youll know.”
 
  “But, Graves,” Sevika began, “if they hurt her—”
 
  “You dont want to go poking in someone elses business,” Graves replied, tersely, “Im saying stop looking into this. Let her come to you if its relevant.”
 
  Sevika cocked her head, watched him very closely for a moment as she sipped at her wine. He wasnt touching his glass, through the beard she could see his jaw jumping. He looked legitimately upset, refusing to elaborate on why. It made Sevika hesitate, her voice gentling as she leaned forwards.
 
  “We play Piltover twice more,” Sevika murmured, “if theres a target on Caitlyns back, I want to know.”
 
  “If you havent figured out that theres a target on her,” Graves replied, “then Coach, youre not half as smart as I give you credit. Its enough that Im telling you, here and now, to drop this and leave it. If Caitlyn wants to talk about it — 
  
    if 
  
  Caitlyn wants to talk about it 
  
    with you
  
   — she will. If you go digging you risk hurting her or getting someone else hurt in the crossfire.”
 
  Sevika nodded slowly, and Graves leaned forwards, his countenance serious, eyes bright.
 
  “Im serious, Sevika,” Graves continued, “dont pursue this. I dont ask you for anything — youll do more harm than good.”
 
  Sevika watched Graves, and thought about goalies, about how weird they were. About how many of them pursued other interests while on the job — about how the loneliness and need to block hard slapshots with your body and the solitude of being stuck in a net, just you alone, for hours of the week, the mental game of it all. She thought about how Graves graduated — while playing hockey — with a bachelors in psychology, something that he swore helped him on the ice, his observant eyes raking over a shooter before influencing their shot just where he wanted it.
 
  She thought about how he always went out of his way to talk to Caitlyn. How he hadnt bothered with anyone else, singled Caitlyn out immediately.
 
  “Okay,” Sevika relented, and Graves exhaled slowly, nodded, leaned back with his wine and took a big swig.
 
  “Just—” Sevika hesitated, then murmured, “how bad, Graves?”
 
  “Youre a fucking dog with a bone,” Graves replied, and then grew more somber. “I know something happened — its the little things. I havent heard anything, I dont know any details, but. Its the little things. Now drop it.”
 
  Sevika did.
  
  A high shot of the Sumprats arena, with Grapes the Sumprat on either side of the centre faceoff circle, bearing their fangs and hissing at the competition, as a Zamboni slowly and surely works its way across the ice, turning choppy and messy snow into a beautiful, gleaming wet straight line of water. The ice is reborn under the careful and methodical movements of the big rideable machine, the footage speeds up slightly to illustrate how long the process took. The date is displayed in the top right as 
  January 6th, 2023
  .
 
  Right below that, text appears:
  
    
    
  

  The Streak: 3 games.
 
  “We didnt know,” Caitlyn says to the camera, “we didnt really consider that we were about to do something historic. At the time, you just put your head down and work.”
 
  “We knew we were firing on all cylinders,” Vi adds, sitting to Caitlyns left in a winter jacket open over a tank top, ripped jeans on her legs. Caitlyn is wearing sweat pants, a Hot Girl Shit t—shirt, and a familiar looking snapback that once was on Vis head in earlier footage.
 
  “We could definitely feel like something was about to happen, yeah.”
 
  “The Sumprats that walked out of December,” John Jackson says, “werent the same ones that went into that month. They were way tougher, forged closer together, and they had a little more nasty in them than before.”
 
  “Once we cleared all the referee bullshit, you know, once we got our legs under us and had our team back, we were ready to make a push,” Poppy says next to Thresh, her legs folded under her.  Threshs coat is spread beneath the seat of her stool, and Thresh sits bare armed and angry looking, nodding along with her words.
 
  “We wanted to put the league on notice — we really wanted to show them we werent afraid of hitting again.”
 
  “We were already called the Thumprats,” Illaoi says, and grins a wide, shark—like smile.
 
  “We proved it in January.”
 
  The Streak
   becomes 4 games overtop of footage of the Artifacts losing a game where Caitlyn is raising her stick high, pointing across the ice at Ahri who joins her for a celebration, fierce looks on their faces.
 
  It becomes 5 games over Vi slamming her body into one of the Targon Wild Cats, knocking him to the ground as she clears the puck out of her zone.
 
  It becomes 6 while Ekko flashes the glove and covers for the faceoff, a groaning Wanderer player skating by while whacking her stick against the ice.
 
  It climbs to 7 while Diana manages to squirt a puck past a diving goaltender, jumping in midair in excitement.
 
  The streak counter hovers at 7, and more text unfolds near the bottom of the screen over a snapshot of the current standings, with the Zaun Sumprats in sixth place in their conference, a playoff spot.
 
  The text reads: Zaun Sumprats v Noxus War Horses.
  
  The camera is tight on Sevikas form as she chomps on her gum, flashes of it displayed through her constantly moving lips as it rolls to either side of her jaw as she glowers across the ice as the anthem plays. She looks up at the jumbotron, turns to whisper something to Viktor, who nods and begins writing something down on a clipboard as she leans forwards towards Ahris helmeted ears, talking loud enough to barely be heard over the roaring Noxian crowd.
 
  “You good for this?”
 
  Ahri gives her a blank stare and rolls her eyes. “Dont insult me, coach.”
 
  “You feel any pain, you get your furry ass back to the bench.”
 
  “Keep your eyes off my ass and on the game, Coach,” Ahri replies.
 
  “What?” Sevika says, leaning closer.
 
  “I said,” Ahri begins, “yes maam, you got it, Coach sir.”
 
  “Thats a little better,” Sevika grunts, laughing, and taps her shoulder pad.
  
  Hot Girl Shit started the game, Akali glaring daggers at Caitlyn and Vi the entire time pre—puck drop. Vi cured that by letting the War Horses win the draw to her and slamming her to the ice in a teeth rattling check that had Akali flipping backwards, recovering, and tapping the ice for the puck. The War Horses pushed the attack and tested the Sumprats defence, but Diana, Leona, and Vi held firm, constantly barking to each other and communicating as the War Horses tried to take advantage of the weak side defence, tried to get Caitlyn alone in front of the net so they could push the weakest defender.
 
  But Caitlyn was nowhere near the liability on defence as she was at the start of the season, and she broke up play after play with her long reach, forced the War Horses back as she showed flashes of Vi on defence, the forwards lessons beginning to bear fruit.
 
  During a risky pass to the slot, Leona managed to poke the puck away, got it out to Caitlyn, and she fired a high arcing pass that flung over the heads of the War Horses and landed right in front of Vi for the two on one opportunity, Ashe flying in beside her. Vi slipped to the right, took the defender with her, and then, without looking, fed the puck behind her to a trailing Caitlyn, who buried it in the top shelf, just above Rells flashing blocker.
  
  “Nice energy, nice energy,” calls Sevika, “lets keep the pressure on. Were playing too much in our own zone — take it to them, test that tendie.”
 
  “Vi,” Sevika continues, “we need a score. Play aggressive. Caitlyn, keep your skate beneath you — dont let them push you away from the net. Leona, stay home — youre doing great.”
 
  Ahri, Mylo, and Poppy hop the boards, and Sevika nods at Ahri, looks at Viktor, and begins clapping.
 
  “Come on, Sumprats. Pressure, pressure, pressure.”
  
  The War Horses rallied back, with Akali gritting her teeth against Ahri as the two battled in the corner — the first time it happened the Noxian crowd went ballistic, cheering on both their home team captain and their ex—second best player, thrilled to see Ahri on her skates and battling it out, no matter which sweater she wore.
 
  Akali got the best of her, stick handling it out of the corner and setting up a big, lumbering defenseman for an absolute blast of a shot that Ekko barely got a piece of. Akali was there to clean it up, a step faster than Ahri, and buried the rebound and stuck her hands in the air as the Noxians roared their lusty approval.
 
  Akali skated backwards, shot her fingerguns at Ahri, and Ahri glared, skated past Poppy.
 
  “My bad,” she grunted.
 
  “Well clean it up,” Poppy said, “keep your head in it.”
 
  Ahri was staring off at the crowd, nodded absently, and Poppy smacked the blade of her stick against Ahris shin.
 
  “Ow, hey!”
 
  “Keep your fuckin head in it, tails,” Poppy snarked.
 
  “You hit me like that again, youre going back in the toy chest.”
 
  “Ladies,” Mylo crooned, “can we play some hockey here?”
  
  “Collapse! Collapse! Collapse!” Sevika roars from the bench, slamming her bare hand against the glass behind the bench when Ahri scores.
 
  “Illaoi! Hey hey, Illaoi!” Sevika barks, waving a hand.
 
  “Youre staying in,” she says, when the big defender skates into frame, “I want you to play tight to Ekkos side. I dont want Akali anywhere near him.”
 
  “Got it,” Illaoi says, as Sevika presses her palm against Illaois chest.
 
  “Shes a close range finisher. Make her snipe a bit more. Im giving you — Caitlyn! Im giving you Caitlyn. Keep talking on defence. Vi, Diana, Thresh — youre all going. Lets see some fucking pressure out there!”
 
  Bodies in white jerseys fly on and off the bench as Sevika claps her hands together, spits her gum into a bucket, and cracks open a new pack.
 
  “What do you see, Viktor?” Sevika asks.
 
  “Sloppy passing, I think I can get it,” Viktor replies.
 
  “Let me know,” Sevika replies.
  
  Despite the coaching adjustments, the War Horses kept their pressure on, hungry to beat a Sumprats team that they believed were inferior, determined to end the Sumprats hot streak. The Sumprats defence and physical play was taking a toll on a War Horses squad built for speed, the War Horses having to shift to short, chippy passes to avoid the seeking and hungry sticks of the Sumprats defence.
 
  Akali never got another good shot at the net — Vi either picked her up at the blue line and played her so tight that they were one skater, or Illaoi picked her up on the weak side and bumped, chipped, shouldered her so that she had to move or take more punishment down low. Still, Akali was only one of the weapons the War Horses could bring to bear, and they relied on their speed and skill with the puck to test the Sumprats over and over and over again for weakness in the armour.
 
  It backfired spectacularly when they tried another dangerous pass to Akali that got scooped up by Riven, and suddenly the speed was on the Sumprats side as Riven and Caitlyn were in a footrace up ice, their sweaters fluttering as they gained more and more speed. Riven was going too fast to pass and tried a big slapshot that Rell barely turned away, Caitlyn managing to corral the rebound and zip it across to Ahris stick.
 
  Ahri had Akali to beat, and with a flash of ears and a dainty pirouette of a spin move, Ahri had the puck in the net and Akali was spinning around in a tight circle. 
 
  When Akali straightened, Ahri gave her the double finger guns, skated backwards, smiled. Akali shook her head, chuckled to herself, and headed to her bench.
  
  “Rush, rush, rush! Go Riven, go!” Sevika screams as she crosses the bench, leaping up onto a water cooler to see as Riven claps the puck.
 
  “Rebound!” Sevika barks, watches for a moment, and then raises her arms as the bench cheers and slaps one another.
 
  “Good goal, good goal,” Sevika mutters, “cant keep relying on those breaks, folks. We need to make our chances count.”
 
  Sevika looks at Viktors clipboard, nods, and then as Ahri skates by the bench bumping her fist against her team, Sevika leans close.
 
  “Ahri, Vi, Ashe, Caitlyn, Claggor, youre all goin. Were doing an all out pressure. Keep the puck in their end, dont let up. Lets get a win.”
  
  The lineup did its job.
 
  There isnt enough defence to keep the War Horses at bay for the counterattack, but Sevika kept her best defenders ready to change the second the play wasnt going their way, kept her eyes narrowed and glinting as the puck was battled over and sticks clacked against wood. With Ahri, Ashe, and Caitlyn out there, the offence was oppressive and hungry, taking advantage of every misplay, every tiny little flaw they leapt upon, getting clear chances to the net, a barrage of pucks that Rell managed to work back, get a glove on, a pad on, a skate on. Caitlyn was facilitating, forcing quick and accurate passes into tight windows, keeping the defence rotating.
 
  As soon as the War Horses managed to leap on a loose puck, Vi and Claggor went to war in the corners, shoulders throwing and sticks clacking and bodies bashing into the boards over and over. Vi caught an elbow beneath her eye and Claggor nearly tipped over from a flailing skate, but time and again they emerged with a loose puck and kept the offence alive, kept pushing and battling and pressing, tightening and tightening around the War Horses until, finally, they collapsed.
 
  Ahri netted another goal that barely beat Rell on her low glove side, and this time Ahri finger—gunned Akali while the latter sat on the bench, eyes rolling. Ahri shuffled back to the bench and hopped up on it as Sevika prowled towards her, leaned down.
  
  “You done for the night?” Sevika asks, and Ahri nods, squirting water in her mouth as the Sumprats defensive line rolls out to close the game out and keep their 3—1 lead.
 
  “Ekkos probably pissed that he let the one get by him,” Graves calls from down the bench.
 
  “Thats what I like about him,” Sevika replies, but her gaze sticks to Caitlyn as she sits on the bench, Vi sitting beside her, wiping the sweat with a towel before they both clack gatorade bottles and suck back disgustingly vibrant green fluid. She watches as the camera zooms a little bit closer to her captains, watches as they surreptitiously hold hands for a moment, a brief curling of their fingers, before the camera pans back out and Sevikas palm fills the lens.
 
  “Hey!” Luxs voice barks as Sevika shoves the camera up in a violent, sickening jerk.
 
  “No more candids,” Sevika snarls.
  
  “Moving on now to RHL news, the Zaun Sumprats, everyones favourite misfit team, is making waves in the RHL as their winning streak extends to eight. The team initially made waves by being the first team to boycott the All—Star break, and are now on a winning tear fuelled by their two captains, once famed rivals Vi Wickett and Caitlyn Kiramman. We now go to the post—game press conference, where Coach Sevika had this to say on the teams performance.”
 
  “Were firing on all cylinders,” Sevika says into a comical amount of microphones shoved into her face, squinting into the lights a camera person shines in her face, reaching up to bat it away, “playing three periods of hockey. Im really proud of my locker room back there. Ekkos giving us great stuff between the pipes and with Ahri back and all lines banging, were a tough out.”
 
  “In other RHL news, Kirammans former teammate Terri Landsman weighed in on the controversy surrounding Piltover being the sole holdout on the All Star break boycott, calling the Sumprats irresponsible for making this decision.”
 
  “Ill tell you guys,” Landsman says, smiling serenely into the assembled cameras in a Lone Stars themed post game conference, “this sure is familiar. Caitlyn Kiramman used to throw these hissy fits all the time when she played here, wore our sweater. Im a little disappointed that Coach Sevika — who I have a lot of respect for — is bending to her will on this one. Shes got a way of bending the whole team to her will — it was all I could do to keep the team together with her on the squad.
 
  “She causes infighting and shes got a bad attitude. This whole scheme smells of her. You know, shes gotten to experience the All Star game herself a lot — more than me, more than anyone — so to pressure people to pull out — its just bad for those younger players in our league that might have a good chance to play in the All Star game but now feel like theyll be ostracised or looked down on for choosing to participate. It robs them of a good platform, too — of a bunch of exposure and the ability to make yourself a household name. The All Star game is a time honoured tradition, and I for one am not going to let Caitlyn Kiramman rob me, or my teammates of the privilege of going.”
 
  Terri Landsman smiles wide, nods as the press room explodes with questions, and the footage freezes, the smile being zoomed in, blown out, the colour bleeding out of it until it fades to black and white.
 
  Text appears on the screen.
 
  
    At the time she said this, Terri Landsman had been to 2 more All—Star games than Caitlyn Kiramman.
  
 
  
    The majority of players under 25 when asked stated a preference to have time off during the All Star Game to be with their families.
  
 
  
    Very little platform is gained from the All Star week festivities in terms of social media followers, and most press questions only have to do with the week itself.
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
    Terri Landsman declined to participate in the filming of this documentary.
  
 



  
  Old footage is displayed on screen, footage of rushing rivers slowly turning black as chemicals from Piltovers production factories slowly bleed into the drinking water of Zaun. Fish swim chaotically, erratically, and birds light on branches meters away from the shoreline, preening their feathers at a safe distance. Workers in rubber suits flit in and out of the frame, testing the water with long glass tubes and chattering.
 
  The scene is cut with footage of news reports of the runoff crisis, hospitals full to capacity with sick patients — ill from their own drinking water, without their knowledge. Charts and graphs of birth defects slowly climbing, of Piltovian politicians decrying and denying it, of Zaunite protests and fist—slamming news anchors demanding justice for the people, justice for the wrongs done.
 
  The footage cuts to present day, with Lux in the frame with a green—eyed, dark skinned woman in waders, smiling hesitantly at the camera in between showing Lux a few floating monitors that jut out from a lake — a few of dozens that bob and weave on the calm waters. A voice—over begins on top of the footage.
 
  “Im Senna, I work with the reparations teams in order to make sure there are no more chemicals from the runoff.”
 
  “It took,” Senna says to the camera, wearing a labcoat and glasses, “about three years from start to finish — or, however long the money could take us. We werent totally done when the money ran out, but wed made some amazing progress — upgraded the water from what we considered unpotable to drinkable, if not exactly where we wanted it.”
 
  “When we started,” Senna says, back on the lake, “this was nearly rust coloured — flecks of green. The chemical makeup was similar to cyanide at its worst — deadly to drink. Nature tried to filter it out as best as it could, but it was always an uphill battle.”
 
  “How long will it take to be completely fixed?” Lux asks.
 
  Senna raises her eyebrows. “Well, currently, it wont be. Im the only scientist attached to the restoration project — I have a summer intern that works for me every year, but all we can really do is monitor the situation.”
 
  “Werent the reparations supposed to pay for fixing the water supply? Eliminate the chemicals?”
 
  “In theory,” Senna replies, “yes. They paid for crack teams to work it for those first three years — we had scrubbers installed, filtrations fixed, ran round the clock to restore the drinking water to a stable state. But the money ran out around year three — we couldnt afford to keep the whole team, so had to let them go one at a time until it was just me.”
 
  Footage of Senna crouched at the shoreline, shaking a tube full of lakewater and holding it to the weak sunlight. Additional footage of her tossing a bit of her lunch towards the lake, watching as a fish — fat and healthy — surfaces to snag it and dart back below the murky surface.
 
  “Its so nice to see fish again,” Senna says to the camera, “they really — they took their time coming back.”
 
  “Ive read the reparations reports,” Lux says in the passenger seat of a vehicle as Senna drives, the camera catching both of them from behind, “and the project was supposed to last for five years. Was there something that came up that influenced the budget?”
 
  “Ive fielded this question,” Senna says, turning left along a woodland trail, smoothly operating the steering wheel, “a few times, actually. The reparations budget was very specific as to who got hired and what their wages were — it really was a whos who of hydrologists and biologists and nature preservationists. It was a five year project of working around the clock, on site, whatever resources we needed — a dream come true for me, since I was born here, lived through it, didnt expect to see change.”
 
  Senna goes quiet as she slows the vehicle, stops it with a squeal of under—serviced brakes. The clock on the vehicle doesnt work — reads 12:00 in dim, pulsing numbers. Senna drums her fingers against the wheel before turning to Lux.
 
  “But the money dried up in year three. They called it a quote error — someone didnt do a good job of estimating costs at the outset, apparently. We stayed ruthlessly under budget — we didnt want to risk funding getting pulled when we had so much work to do.”
 
  “Did it seem right to you? The quotes?” Lux asks.
 
  Senna shrugged. “I just shake tubes and test them. But what I can tell you is that the money was there, and then it wasnt.”
 
  “So what do you do in the meantime?”
 
  “Maintenance, mostly. Make sure that the scrubbers we have installed are still working in case we get the all clear to continue working, make sure the runoff chemicals arent making a re—appearance.”
 
  “How long do you work?” Lux asks.
 
  “I get paid for forty hours a week,” Senna replies.
 
  Lux checks her watch. “Weve been at it eleven hours today.”
 
  Senna shrugs. “I get paid for forty hours a week,” she repeats.
 
  “The quotes,” says Hoskel, former Piltover council member and one of the first volunteers on the Reparations project, “were not ill sourced. We got six different opinions from the brightest and best in the industry about what it would take to be boots on the ground for a five year project, and we estimated on the most expensive side possible. Frankly, I find the question dangerous and unreasonable.”
 
  Powder is sitting across from the former councillor, looking for all the world like shed rather be sitting next to a once—toxic lake. Her face twists. “Dangerous how, exactly?”
 
  “Youre calling into question dozens of peoples reputations — professional people. If you ask me, the fault lies with these incompetent scientists who ran up the budget and dried a five year project up in three.”
 
  Powder raises an eyebrow. “But calling their reputations into question isnt dangerous?”
 
  “What?” Hoskel asks.
 
  “Its dangerous to call the councils reputation into question, but not the scientists who worked on it. Thats what youre implying?”
 
  “I implied nothing of the sort. Dont twist my words.”
 
  “Can we get the footage of that, please?” Powder says, slapping a pen down on her clipboard, “Id like to show Councilman Hoskel what he just said.”
 
  Theres a cut to Powder holding a monitor in front of Hoskel so he can see the footage. Another cut, and Powder is sitting across from Hoskel — both a little more red faced.
 
  “We have the numbers for posterity,” Hoskel says, voice much more hoarse, “weve checked them every time this line of questioning arises. The quotes we got from the scientific community are precisely in line with the Piltovian—Zaunite Reparation amounts. If they ran out of money, it wasnt from our end.”
 
  “There we are, councilman,” Powder says sweetly, “and you didnt even have to disparage someones job to do it.”
 
  “I thought this was a hockey documentary,” Hoskel sniffs, “why are you asking so many questions about the reparations?”
 
  “Youll have to watch to find out,” Powder says.
 
  The footage cuts once more to Senna and Lux, sitting on a park bench together. Senna is wearing a KIRAMMAN Sumprats jersey, drinking coffee as the sun sets behind her. Lux is sitting cross legged and drinking from a thermos.
 
  “Im not sure how all of this fits into your documentary,” Senna says.
 
  “Were getting flavour pieces,” Lux says, flippantly, “we want to capture Zauns spirit. If you can relate to the city and its people, you can relate to the Sumprats and their struggle.”
 
  Senna is quiet for a few moments, before asking: “Have you guys met Caitlyn Kiramman?”
 
  Lux smiles. “Would 
  
    you
  
   like to?”
 
  Senna, quiet and professional since her first appearance, flushes, smiles hesitantly.
 
  “Are— is that a serious — 
  
    yes
  
  ,” she replies, emphatically.
 
  Lux winks, and begins typing on her phone.



  Run at the Cup.
 
  February: That Feeling Was Happiness
 
  
    “I just knew if it could be done, it had to be done, and I did it.”
  
   —Gertrude Ederle 
  
  Caitlyns chest was heavy.
 
  It was a familiar feeling, one shed grown used to over the years of professional athleticism. Sometimes it was situational — the big upcoming game, the matchup she had been dreading, seeing Vi again for the first time in months and figuring out what to say, what to do with her hands.
 
  Most of the time, she felt it when she was falling asleep at night, with fresh bruises from practice — little disc shaped bruises on her arms and legs, courtesy of her teammates making practice shots while Coach Danforth conveniently stepped away to take a personal call. The heaviness wasnt caused by the actual pain — mostly by the phantoms of laughter that echoed in her ears when shed shook the sudden pins and needles from her fingers, her elbow singing as Landsmans stick lowered back to the ice.
 
  Shed discovered a lot about herself over the years, a lot that shed grudgingly accepted, even if she hadnt been glad for it. She was tough — tough enough to withstand a lot of the hateful comments and thwacking slapshots that stung her in all the vulnerable places that the padding didnt quite cover.
 
  So when Caitlyns chest was heavy in the light of the morning, she exhaled lightly, fell into a familiar breathing pattern. Her eyes remained shut to the pre—morning, knowing that it couldnt have even been six AM — her alarm wouldve gone off — just enjoying whatever rest her body could get before she had to diagnose the feeling, work into herself until she could understand why her body was giving her these signs.
 
  Her team situation was very different now, and the pressures of games were still there, but there was something more serene about her approach these days. Caitlyn had always been confident in her abilities as a hockey player, but with the Sumprats there was an added layer to the confidence — the confidence in herself unchanged, but the confidence in her team a new element. If she had an off night, she knew her team would pick up the slack — same as shed do if any of them didnt have it when they walked into the arena.
 
  Caitlyn also wasnt nervous about seeing Vi again, for — obvious reasons. The other woman had proven, beyond most shadows of reasonable doubt, that it didnt really matter what Caitlyn did with her hands or what she said. Last night, Caitlyn had said that Vis fingers felt good, like lollipops and Vi had laughed so hard that shed nearly turned the colour of her hair, all while continuing to drive those same fingers into Caitlyn undaunted.
 
  But the weight in her chest remained, and Caitlyn began to worry — was it an early warning sign? Did she already see something to be concerned about that her conscious brain hadnt quite deciphered? Was it relating to her status as still unrepresented? Were her finances—
 
  At her ear, Vi sighed, and the weight on her chest tightened, a band of hot skin around her ribs. Caitlyns eyes popped open, glanced downwards to see Vis arm wrapped around her, squeezing tight, and the weight — now sourced — became one of comfort, of soothing. It shifted as Vi snuggled deeper into the blankets, and Caitlyns bones filled with a solid, soft relief.
 
  It wasnt anxiety, or fear, or dread. It was something altogether unfamiliar.
 
  It was Vi.
 
  She didnt know what else to call it.
  
  
    Dear Mr. Silco,
  
 
  
    We were once again hoping to extend an invitation to participate in the documentary (currently titled The Thumprats). We at GetJinxed firmly believe in telling the full story of how the Zaun Sumprats rose to prominence, and we believe that that story starts with you — from your genius construction of The Last Drop stadium to the hiring of Mel Medarda and the signing off on both Sevika and Viktor as coach and assistant coach.
  
 
  
    We can tell the story without you, but it wouldnt be a complete one — and we want, more than ever, to tell the complete tale.
  
 
  
    We hope to hear back from you,
  
 
  
    Lux Crownsguard
  

  
    Executive Producer
  

  
    GetJinxed Productions
  
  
  “Sixteen wins,” Sevika growled, skating in a small circle to address her team. They were kneeling or standing as suited them, their attention rapt and laser focused on the older woman as she glared to each and every one of their eyes. 
 
  “I bet you feel like youre hot shit, huh? Sixteen wins — I bet you all are tucking into your hotel beds and listening to all that shit out there about how youre all only a few games away from the old Piltover Lone Stars record, that this team deserves to be compared to the great teams of old.
  

  

  “Guess what?” Sevika snarled, “I dont give a shit about some old timer hockey. I dont give a shit about how many wins in a row we have — I care about a chip. And the War Horses, the Knights, the Assassins — theyve got a head start, home ice advantage in the playoffs, and theyre up next.”
 
  Caitlyn had only ever experienced one coach — Danforth had a cold disapproving style, made him feel like he was disappointed all the time rather than angry — but Sevikas demeanour was one that she found she much preferred. It was big, open, honest, critical — but only ever in private. She gave everyone the same amount of flak — Vi and Caitlyn werent immune to her tongue lashings — but as soon as you hit the ice against another team she was unequivocally in your corner. At several points during the Sumprats winning run, Sevika looked like she was a hairs breadth away from vaulting over the bench wall and starting another version of the Donny. Two games shed been tossed out for screaming at the refs, and both of those games the Sumprats had gotten so fired up theyd blown the other team out.
 
  Later, in private, Sevika admitted that shed known theyd needed a spark, and that it was a weapon she didnt like to use often, lest it wear out.
 
  “It also only works because Viktors amazing at his job,” Sevika had said over dinner with Vi, Caitlyn, and Viktor, “you cant leave the keys in a bad drivers hands.”
 
  “Aw, thanks, Coach,” Viktor had said, genuinely touched.
 
  “Vik,” Sevika had continued, “if youre still my assistant in two years, Ill fucking kill you. Im serious. Youre way too talented to be an assistant — you deserve your own team.”
 
  “Maybe when you drop dead of a heart attack because of a bad high stick penalty, Mel will hire me.”
 
  Viktor had kept their scouting reports clean, the rotations tight. His job was to explain the minute details while Sevika focused on the game to game — Sevika told them how to win, Viktor broke it down into manageable skills to work towards. The team had their marching orders in little purple binders every day for practice, and they stopped questioning it after win number 9 in a row.
 
  Caitlyn would go to war for either of these people. For anyone in a Sumprats sweater. Her affection had only grown throughout the harsh Zaun winter, and had extended towards her neighbours and the citizens of Zaun themselves, who cleaned her driveway for her (only accepting payment when she insisted) and let her cut in line at the bank. Baristas who saw her walk in began working on her order, and Zaunites stepped aside with a hello, captain!, exchanged a few pleasantries about the game, and let her get her coffee and go.
 
  It was a familiarity of seeing an old acquaintance more than a celebrity, like the whole city had just agreed to treat her like a friendly, but at arms length — both things she very much appreciated. She still had to deal with the cloying crowds and mobbing fans in other cities, but in Zaun, she felt…
 
  She didnt know how she felt.
 
  Back at practice, Sevika slapped her gloves together.
 
  “The Cup is what matters,” Sevika continued, “hoisting that big purple bastard is what its all about. None of this — your goals scored columns, your save percentage, the winstreaks, none of it — matters if we dont get a cup. So dont let it get to your fucking heads. Remember where we are, where we came from, what they think of us. Do your jobs, stay frosty, stay angry. Lets beat the fucking Knights.”
 
  The Sumprats roared with approval, and Caitlyn felt something erupt in her chest, a warm bloom that took her by surprise, a glow from within. Vi nudged her, and she blinked out of it, turned to smile down at her co—captain, jostled her back.
 
  “Break up into groups,” Viktor called, “work your curriculums. Vi, Caitlyn and I will rotate if you have questions.”
  
  
    ms crownsguard,
  
 
  
    If ms medarda isnt adequately living up to your expectations wrt telling the story of the sumprats than i cannot add anything more — she has my full confidence to include how the team was purchased, founded, and the hiring process
  
 
  
    thanks silco
  
 
  
    Sent from my iPhone
  
  
  “Ask her,” Riven was saying to Ekko as she leaned against the boards, Leona standing to her right and slowly winding a roll of hockey tape around the handle of her stick — working on the white tape rather than the black. Caitlyn and Leona were two of the handful of players that preferred to tape their own gear — it was more about their need to control everything than their faith in the equipment team.
 
  “Why do I have to ask her?” Ekko queried, bent low in a stretch as he shifted from knee to knee. The two didnt appear to spot Caitlyn as she coasted across the practice rink, idly spinning her stick in her hands, feeling along the wood. There was a flaw in it — an air bubble somewhere along the paint — that she kept finding, pressing a gloved thumb into over and over and over again to feel the air dissipate around it.
 
  “Ask who what?” she called, turning to skate towards them. She felt far more comfortable joining strange conversations, though the lingering doubt that she was bothering people still nagged at her every time she tried. Ekko and Rivens faces lighting up quashed that nag — it always got quashed sooner or later.
 
  Leona stopped retaping her stick and rolled her eyes towards. “They want you to do a trick shot.”
 
  “A trick shot?” Caitlyn asked, eyebrows raising as she looked back towards Ekko and Riven.
 
  “Yeah — Ashe can hit a cup in the top right corner, Ahri can score top shelf from behind the net using only her stick. We were wondering what kind of shots you hit for fun.”
 
  Caitlyn mulled it over. “I dont know if I have any.”
 
  “Bullshit,” Leona scoffed. “Every scorer has a trick shot.”
 
  “Im not as flashy as those two,” Caitlyn hedged, “I dont know if—”
 
  “With your howitzer?” Ahri piped in, apparently behind Caitlyns shoulder. At a distance, Graves 
  
    howitzerrrr
  
   crooned across the practice ice, as it always did.
 
  “You have to have something. Even Vi has a trick shot.”
 
  Caitlyns gaze immediately flew around the rink for Vi, who was skating backwards with Poppy and teaching her how to lean her body into an attacking forwards, use her low centre of gravity. 
 
  “Vi?” Caitlyn called, and the pink haired woman looked up. “Do you have a trick shot?”
 
  Vi winked, went back to her drill.
 
  “Come on, Captain,” Ekko said, gesturing to the vacant net that he was once working in, “practice is over. Show us what you got.”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated for a few minutes, then popped her mouthguard into her glove and skated towards the net.
 
  “Oh shit,” Ekko said immediately.
 
  “Guys, guys.” Riven called, “Captains about to do some wild shit.”
 
  The Sumprats immediately abandoned whatever they were doing to skate over towards centre ice as Caitlyn set up a puck at the blue line, then skated towards the bench to grab her water bottle. She positioned the bottle in the net with her mouthguard on top of it, skated back towards the puck, stick handled it once, twice, and wound up.
 
  She slapped the puck so hard that the air bubble in her stick burst. The puck rocketed towards the back of the net and impacted the webbing so hard that it flung the water bottle — and the mouthguard — high into the air. Caitlyn watched it for a moment, skated backwards one stride, and caught the mouthguard in one hand, popped it back into her mouth, and turned to grin at the assembled Sumprats.
 
  “Dude,” Illaoi gasped.
 
  Vi whooped, and the Sumprats began tapping their sticks on the ice as Caitlyn flushed in a grin, scooping her water bottle up with her stick and flinging it towards the bench. The feeling reared again, pushed past her ribcage even as Vi skated up to her side and smirked her favourite smirk — like there were hooks in her lips and tugging them against her will.
 
  “So,” Vi began, “how many mouth guards hit the ice before you perfected that?”
 
  “I rinsed them first,” Caitlyn said defensively.
 
  Vi laughed, and now she was doing two of Caitlyns favourite things, one after the other.
  
  
    Dear Mr. Silco,
  
 
  
    In light of the Sumprats current struggle with the league regarding unfair refereeing, and in light of the team and staff all agreeing to pull out of the All Star week, we wanted to reach out to you to see if you had anything youd like to say for the documentary regarding these events. We intend to cover it from multiple points of view, and yours would be incredibly valuable from the standpoint of an owner in the league.
  
 
  
    Hope to hear from you soon,
  
 
  
    Lux Crownsguard
  

  
    Executive Producer
  

  
    GetJinxed Productions
  
  
  Theres an empty Sumprats arena shot from a wide angle that leads into a time lapse of the arena filling quickly with fans, pouring into the arena with their Sumprats regalia, snacks, drinks. The winter chill outside does nothing to dissuade them from sitting in a cold rink with eager eyes as the din in the once empty cathedral to hockey becomes loud and rambunctious. Many consult their phones and type excitedly; some jostle each other and point towards the jumbotron as the warmup music begins to blare.
 
  Unceremoniously, both teams exit their tunnels — the Knights and the Sumprats, pouring onto the ice to take practice shots and warm up, a mini—practice in half of a rink. To the bottom right of the footage, text displays.
 
  
    February 8th, 2023
  

  The Streak: 
  16
 
  The footage cuts to a close up of Senna, sitting in front row seats behind Ekkos net, watching the smaller goaltender stretch out and practice positioning — remaining stock still as he faces one shot after another as the Sumprats take soft wristers in his direction. Shes grinning with a bucket of popcorn in her lap, eyes twinkling as she looks towards the camera.
 
  
    Have you ever seen an RHL game live?
  
 
  “No,” Senna says, “but Ive always wanted to. It was usually too far to travel — how did you get these tickets anyways? I thought it was sold out—”
 
  The camera suddenly pans back out to fit a Sumprat into the frame, tapping on the glass — Caitlyn Kiramman, 33 proudly in red on her black jersey, smiling through her mouthguard.
 
  “Senna?” she calls, pointing at Senna.
 
  Senna stares, nods slowly.
 
  Caitlyn pulls her mouthguard from her mouth, leans on the glass, and shouts, “thank you for everything you and your team did for this city. It means so much to me personally — well talk after the game?”
 
  Senna stares, nods again.
 
  Caitlyn smiles, skates backwards a pace, and reaches up with her stick to tap on the glass before skating away to catch an errant pass and backhand it towards Ekko — Ekko lunges for it, calls something out to Caitlyn as he barely gets a toe on it, and Caitlyn laughs — big and full bodied, skating backwards to grin at her tendie.
 
  “Holy shit,” Senna says, whirling to face the camera, then to the other fans in the stands who offer her excited nods and affirmations.
 
  “Holy shit,” Senna says again, and sinks down in her seat, covering her smile with her hands.
  
  
    The most complete team Ive ever faced
  
  , Vi had said about the Knights. They were characterised by big bodies, bruising defence, and good hands. They were the defending champions of the Runeterra Cup, the banners in their barn hung proudly with their constant and stalwart captain Garren leading the offensive charge. The last time the two clubs had faced, it had been a 4—3 nailbiter that was characterised by the Sumprats not having Vi or Ahri lacing them up yet.
 
  Most of the sports pundits had given the Sumprats the slight edge, but didnt count the Knights out yet — if anyone could unseat the 16 game win streak Sumprats, it was the 12 game winning streak Knights, whos season thus far had been full of long streaks broken up by one or two dropped games. They were winners, they came to play, and they sniffed a threat in the Sumprats.
 
  But they were in Zaun, and Zaun, as the RHL was grimly discovering, was a different animal.
 
  From the first puck drop, nobody on the ice heard a whistle. The crowd was in a frenzy that didnt happen often, a consequence of being fired up to unseat the crowned kings as well as the looming historic number — 18 wins in a row — on the horizon, in their teams first season. They thumped the glass and roared their approval with every chipped pass, every big hit. Hot Girl Shit was a finely tuned machine, the puck a blur as it zipped from stick to stick, and Garren faced the challenge with his defensive IQ and the top Knights line that had bottled up Akali and Ahri, had swallowed KaiSa and the Assassins, had throttled the end of the Sevika Red Pandas era, had stamped out Caitlyn and Landsmans Lone Stars at their peak.
 
  Hot Girl Shit scored in under a minute — a blistering Leona shot from the point off of Caitlyns stick, and theyd played the whole minute in the Knights end with Caitlyns passing and relentless pressure.
 
  The Knights tried to rally back, but Garren met Poppy at centre ice with the puck on his stick, and suddenly was rolling on the ice as Poppy scooped up the loose disc and fired it back towards the Knights zone. On the replay, Poppy just set her skates, leaned her shoulder into Garrens hip, and let the bigger mans body do all the work, flipping end over end. For a moment down there she looked like a smaller, fuzzier Vi — down to the grit of her teeth — before getting the puck out of the danger zone.
 
  Vi was all over the ice, too — barking orders and prowling in her own end, keeping the Knights in front of her, forcing them to keep searching for the easy play as she slammed the door again and again. The rare shot that penetrated the Sumprats brutal forechecking was met with Ekkos steely eyes and flashing pads, and Illaoi sought out challenging hits wherever she could find them — her body slamming into Knights that dared step across the blue line.
 
  On one play, Illaoi chipped it ahead to Ahri, who skated into enemy territory, raced around the corner, and glanced into the glass to see Garren bearing down upon her, and for a moment — for just a moment — her eyes widened.
 
  
    Puck is in the corner, and oh— OH, NOOOO
  
   the call had said.
 
  
    Ahri is down, we — we dont quite know what happened
  
  , the announcer continued, two second pause.
 
  
    Garren collided with her in the corner, and — Ahri is hurt
  
  , the play—by—play concluded
 
  
    That looked dirty to me, Joe,
  
   the colour guy said, 
  
    Garren hit her when she was falling.
  
 
  
    I dont know if — were getting the stretcher out now, but Steve it looked like she slipped on some rough ice, and Garren and Ahris longtime teammate Akali are with her now, and this— this looks bad.
  
 
  Two second pause.
 
  
    Were — were going to cut to a break, and folks when we return, well hopefully have an update on Ahri and the War Horses as the fine emergency services workers do — everything they can
  
  .
 
  Ahri slipped the puck between her legs, passed it back to a trailing Mylo, and braced for the hit.
 
  Garrens shoulder hit hers in a glancing blow — clearly hed put the brakes on early, tried to lessen the blow — and he crashed into the boards as Ahri staggered backwards, dropped to one knee, and popped to her feet as Mylo was in alone with the goalie and fired a wobbly slapper that went off the post and in.
 
  “Fuck yeah!” Mylo screamed, but was drowned out by tens of thousands of Sumprats fans leaping up and down and screaming their joy.
 
  “You good?” Caitlyn asked Ahri as she came back to the bench.
 
  Ahri watched Garren give her a salute as he skated back to the bench, and Ahri grinned at Caitlyn.
 
  “If I survived that,” Ahri replied, “I think Im good.”
 
  Caitlyn smiled softly, tapped her skate, and headed back out there.
 
  The Knights tried to pressure, but if they were on Ashe, then Caitlyn was free — if they were on Caitlyn, then Ashe was free. If they tried to cover both, then Leona had a blistering shot at the net, and if they managed to smother out all three, then, well.
 
  Vi had been working hard.
 
  Leonas pass caught Vi on the backhand, and she muscled her way in front of the net to lift the puck past the goaltenders skate, lifted her arms, and roared so loud that she 
  
    was
  
   heard over the sound of the pounding glass of the arena. Caitlyn was the first for the celebratory hug, and she pressed her forehead to the smaller girl, grinning as wide as she could, so wide her cheeks hurt.
 
  “They should be sniping for you after that one,” Caitlyn shouted over the noise.
 
  “Vi Wickett: Goal Scoring Forward,” Vi mused, and Caitlyn punched her arm.
 
  The Knights didnt keep pushing the action after that, both teams putting their developing players in as Caitlyn sat on the bench and squirted water into her mouth, Sevika leaning between her and Illaoi as Caitlyn swallowed.
 
  “Youre quiet on the goal sheet these past few,” Sevika said.
 
  “You pay me to facilitate,” Caitlyn replied.
 
  “You wont get the MVP without some Gs, captain,” Sevika continued.
 
  “Couldnt care less about an MVP, coach,” Caitlyn replied, “I just want a boat.”
 
  Sevika bobbed her head back and forth, as if sceptical. “I want a goal before the end of the game all the same. You good to manage that?”
 
  Caitlyn eyed her, shrugged.
 
  “Okay. Illaoi, Caitlyn, youre going next.”
 
  Caitlyn hopped over the boards as Claggor crashed through the door, gasping for breath, and managed to break up an errant pass, turning the rush into a counter—attack. She brought the puck across the blue line, skated towards the slot, faked a slapshot, then wristed it high and on the outside, where the goalie had trouble lifting his blocker. The goal horn roared, and tens of thousands of fans raised their hands to perform the shooting celebration — perfectly in sync with the sound effect rocking the arena.
 
  This time, Caitlyn lifted her arm with them, hugging Illaoi as the larger woman lifted her up in a bear hug.
 
  As Caitlyn skated back towards the bench, Sevika gripped her sweater, pulled her close.
 
  “That was your eightieth point of the season,” Sevika said softly, “and youre not even counting.”
 
  Sevika released Caitlyn and smiled softly at her, and the feeling bloomed again — encompassing, ethereal, unfamiliar, unidentifiable.
 
  Caitlyn tapped her glove along her teammates, a furrow to her brow as she sat back down on the bench. The Sumprats led the Knights 4—0 in the third period, and the only question now was if they preserved the shutout.
 
  A few anti—climactic minutes later, the final horn sounded, and Ekko — the official RHL Shutout leader as of this win — threw his gear off in celebration as his team embraced him. Garren and Vi clacked sticks, Caitlyn shook hands with both assistant captains, and the two co—captains of the Sumprats stood at centre ice, watching the way the crowd erupted and whistled and cheered.
 
  In the distance, Caitlyn caught Powders eye as the slight girl smiled, waved cautiously. Caitlyn waved back, smile frozen and hesitant.
  
  
    getjinxed, 
  
 
  
    i have nothing to comment on at this time
  
 
  
    thanks silco
  
 
  
    Sent from my iPhone
  
  
  “Hell of a team,” Garren says in the post—game, scratching at his nose, “its not a shame to lose to those guys, in this barn. The fans are incredible, the noise was insane — it was like a playoff game in there, they got the energy.”
 
  
    Garren, how do you feel about Caitlyn Kiramman getting her 80th point against you?
  
 
  “Is she at eighty already?” he asks, and shakes his head, “wow. I mean, for my money, thats our MVP right there. She does everything for her team — she defends pretty well with her stick,  she can run it up, she can pass — the passing is the real problem out there. Itd be hard to find a player thats working harder out there.”
 
  
    The Sumprats are now at 17 wins,
  
   the question comes to Vi and Caitlyn — both wearing ballcaps featuring the lettering HGS in hot pink and dressed in long sleeved tees, 
  
    what are the chances that youll break the Piltover Lone Stars record of 18?
  
 
  “We were actually just given a stern warning about that,” Vi laughs, “Coach is making sure to keep us humble.”
 
  “Its a cliche,” Caitlyn continues, “but we really are taking it one game at a time out there. The Knights were today, the Assassins tomorrow — both very talented, both can be considered the team to beat. We just need to keep playing Sumprats hockey.”
 
  
    Do you have any response to Terri Landsmans—
  
 
  “Who?” Sevika asks, chomping her gum. Her Sumprats windbreaker is bulging from the strain of her biceps, and her glower continues to cut through the assembled reporters. Shes standing just outside the locker room, with microphones held by reporters shoved near her face — with more than one cell phone. One gets a little too close, and she gently presses it backwards with the back of her hand.
 
  
    Terri Landsman, defensive player for the Piltover Lone Stars, has said that Kiramman was a poor teammate. Do you have any comment on that?
  
 
  “Why would I care what the Lone Stars washed captain has to say?” Ahri scoffs, sliding a hand over her freshly washed ears to collect errant moisture and flick it away. Shes sitting in front of her locker with a sole microphone in front of her, clearly irritable and wanting to just change and leave. “Ask me about a team relevant to our chances.”
 
  “Its a great question,” Leona says, and then looks expectantly around the podium for her next question, clearly not bothering to answer it.
 
  “Were focusing on winning, here,” Poppy says, ears twitching, “not league gossip. Kirammans focus and commitment are evident to anyone paying attention — leave the gossip to the grocery stands.”
 
  “If I have anything to say to Terri Landsman,” Vi says into the microphone, Caitlyn sitting beside her as she leans forwards, “Ill tell her in person, not through you guys. Thats the classy thing to do.”
  
  
    Silco,
  
 
  
    Would you care to refute these claims?
  
 
  
    —Powder
  
 
  
    Attached:
  

  
    LastDropBlueprints2019.pdf
  
  
    

  
  
    Chemical_Runoff_Reparations_Report.pdf
  
  
    

  
  
    TheZaunSumprats_Investor_balancesheet.pdf
  
  
    

  
  
    LastDropBlueprints2020.pdf
  
  
  
    how did you get this information
  
 
  
    Sent from my iPhone
  
  
  “Um,” Powder opened with, and Caitlyn leans against the wall opposite her, taking in her posture. Powders stance was closed off — one lanky arm crossed over her midsection, a hand gripping just above her elbow as she rotated her fingers above the loose skin. She hadnt worn anything that showed off her midriff and arms before, and snaking blue and pink tattoos wrapped around her pale skin, giving her the appearance of something in a permanent blacklight.
 
  Caitlyns newfound confidence held firm, and she wanted to take charge and ask why this girl was so singularly focused — to her mind — on hurting her — Vi — at any and every opportunity. But Powder had flagged her down, tugged her to this little hallway that led to the back of the refreshment counter, and stared at her for a few minutes, so Caitlyn figured she could take the lead.
 
  “Um, so, you and my sister, are…” Powder began, and trailed off.
 
  “Yes,” Caitlyn confirmed. She was tired of other people finishing that sentence — had been exhausted by it at first, about the label craziness of living in the spotlight. It was easier to cut past it, to confirm that whatever the person speaking thought, she was to Vi, Vi was to her. They hadnt spoken it in so many words, but when you confessed to someone that youd rather lose every single game in the season instead of play without them — when you had the sickness as bad as Vi and Caitlyn did — that was… meaningful.
 
  It was all meaningful.
 
  “Oh,” Powder said, her voice sounding small, 
  
    away
  
  . She started playing with her fingers, picking at the cuticles, an absent and easy gesture that Caitlyn recognized and filed away.
 
  There was a period of silence, then, as Caitlyn looked down at this small, waif—like woman who was the picture of confidence in most situations and the picture of nerves now, like she was caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
 
  “Shes your sister,” Caitlyn prompted.
 
  “Shes—” Powder started, and then clamped her teeth closed sharply. “Im — were working through that.”
 
  Caitlyn waited a beat. “Okay.”
 
  “I just,” Powder began, and then inhaled and exhaled rapidly before extending her hand. “Im Powder. Sometimes Im Jinx — Im Jinx when Im working.”
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn repeated, and shook Powders hand. “Caitlyn Kiramman.”
 
  “Its good to — to meet you on nicer terms.”
 
  “Likewise,” Caitlyn confirmed. There was a few more beats of silence before Caitlyn glanced at her watch, “was that all you needed?”
 
  “For now,” Powder said, and Caitlyn pushed off the wall and began to walk away.
 
  “Caitlyn,” Powder called, stopping her in her tracks, forcing her to turn halfway back to Powder as the smaller girl continued to stare at the opposing wall.
 
  “You find things,” Powder began, “you know? I find things in this line of work. In my experience, its better if I know ahead of time, if — if youd rather I dont find things. If things get… lost.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned, searched Powders posture, and watched as Powders eyes jerked to meet hers — they looked broken, a little lost.
 
  Pitying.
 
  “What are you implying,” Caitlyn replied, woodenly.
 
  “People like Landsman,” Powder began, “arent in a vacuum. Theres never only one victim — as much as we wish, or think were the only one they affect — theres never only one. Do you get me?”
 
  “If youve found something,” Caitlyn replied, teeth clenched, “then you should say so.”
 
  “I havent started looking. Ive had other things to take care of — the reason I took the job. Im almost finished with it, but — I just need to know if you want me to find, instead of just look.”
 
  Caitlyn watched her. “Are you threatening me?”
 
  “
  
    No
  
  . No, God, Im not — Im trying to be respectful,” Powder explained, “Im not an asshole. If you dont want it in the doc, it doesnt go in. But with all this Landsman stuff lately, its getting harder and harder to avoid talking about it. If you want me to insulate you and protect you from it I can, if you want to tell your side, I can also do that.”
 
  Caitlyn shouldve felt the walls closing in — she shouldve retreated behind her battered walls, gone radio dark, booked a hotel so she didnt need to face Vi back at her place and just slip into the black, wallow, feel alone and cold. The old instinct to say 
  
    alright
  
   to Powder, go pack a bag, pack a portable game system, skip town for a few days and play fighting games until four in the morning against strangers — something she could control and use and pour herself into until the black swallowed her and held her in a frigid embrace and assured her, seduced her with its loneliness.
 
  That feeling — the feeling that had infected her all day and pushed against her ribcage — fought the black off. It burst from her like a sun, a barrier against the encroaching cold, a strength and security and… safety.
 
  She was Caitlyn Kiramman, and she didnt run anymore.
 
  “When you start,” Caitlyn said, “I feel comfortable speaking to whatever you find. I need to talk to someone first. Can I give you the all clear?”
 
  “Anything you need,” Powder responded instantly.
 
  Caitlyn nodded, turned to leave, and looked over her shoulder. “Thank you.”
 
  She left Powder standing in the hallway playing with her fingers, and went to meet with Senna.
  
  
    Silco,
  
 
  
    Refute it on camera, or I leak it.
  
 
  
    —Powder
  
  
  
    fine
  
 
  
    Sent from my iPhone
  
  
  “I dont know,” Gerry Gertrude said on the ESPN desk, blaring through Vis shitty TV speakers, “the MVP race — its not just about the stats, its about heart and how well your team is doing. Are we really prepared to vote for a fourth seed Sumprats team, no matter how well Kiramman is playing?”
 
  Caitlyn was sprawled on Vis surprisingly comfortable couch on her back, watching the television and dragging her fingers through Vis shitty carpet. She rarely indulged in news about herself, but after Powders conversation and her meeting with Senna, she was feeling curious — about her image from the leagues eyes in the face of Landsmans non—stop barrage of public statements.
 
  Theyd doubled in viciousness ever since Heimerdinger had officially cancelled the All Star break, meaning everyone — league wide — had a week off at the end of February. It was exciting — for the first time in her career, she had a week off with nowhere to be, and someone to spend it with. Her parents had made Caitlyn and Vi promise to visit them at their Piltover home and eat a Tobias cooked meal — Caitlyn had triple checked it was a Tobias cooked meal — and maybe watch something, anything, that wasnt hockey film.
 
  Caitlyn had yet to respond to a single thing said in public. There wasnt a point — not really — when Landsman was so entrenched with most of the media and she didnt have many allies on that front. A couple of local media guys — Taylor Swiffer, Spaghetti Teddy, John Jack — but nobody that could compete with the people that Landsman could pull in. Her teammates — at her instruction — had followed suit. They bitched the entire time, they promised her that nobody would ever tie Landsmans murder back to them, they begged her to be able to make a direct comment, but theyd held off.
 
  “Come on, Gerry,” Jack Jackson scoffed, “you gotta be kidding me.”
 
  “Garren Crownsguard is on the number one seed in the entire league, KaiSa is on the number two—”
 
  “How many minutes do they play?” Jack asked, “because Kirammans still averaging 29, even with her reduction lately.”
 
  “Thats inflated,” Gerry scoffed back, “thats from her early season craziness.”
 
  “Okay, wait,” Jack replied, “your argument is that her team needed her most early on, so later it doesnt count?”
 
  “Im just saying, I like my teams on the top of the league.”
 
  “So youd say wins are important in the voting process, Ger?”
 
  “I would!”
  


  “Amazing. Got some wins for you — hows seventeen? Because thats how many wins the Sumprats have amassed in a row. Seventeen wins, Gerry, on the back of this Kiramman—led offense. Kiramman passed 80 points tonight — 29 goals, 51 assists, and shes still got plenty of time to bust 100.”
 
  “But the seeding—”
 
  “Thats such a weak argument for MVP. Its most 
  
    valuable
  
   player, Gerry — find me a single skater thats more valuable to their team than Caitlyn Kiramman has been for this Sumprats squad. I dare you.”
 
  The visage of the two men arguing over a comically large desk was suddenly blocked by a bleary—eyed Vi, rubbing her fists over her face. She had thrown on a tank top and boxers, shivering against the shitty insulation of her house as she tilted her head in question at Caitlyns prone form.
 
  Caitlyn picked up the remote and hit the mute button on the arguing ex—athletes, smiled gently as Vi began walking towards her.
 
  “Couldnt sleep,” Caitlyn began as Vi crawled over her, shifting around to lie down on top of her, “I was watching the news.”
 
  “Fuck the news,” Vi murmured, “cuddle me.”
 
  With a laugh, Caitlyn brought her arms around Vis back, began to stroke through the thin cotton as Vi made herself comfortable between Caitlyns breasts — covered by a thin black t—shirt. Vis legs rubbed against Caitlyns as she got comfortable, a small sigh from the big tough forward as she nestled deeper, contented sounds trapped in the back of her throat.
 
  The feeling reared itself again, and drove Caitlyn to — finally — speak.
 
  "Vi," Caitlyn whispered. Vi looked up at her from her position on Caitlyns breasts, a look of quiet companionship, of trust, comfort. She looked at Caitlyn like she wasnt seeing a mirror of her own flaws, like she knew who Caitlyn was and accepted it, enjoyed it.
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn like she needed it to breathe, sometimes, and Caitlyn recognized the look — saw it sometimes in her reflection off of the glass when Vi and her were doing drills, or on the ice together at games.
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn, and it drove Caitlyn to say the three words shed been hiding and holding, pressing against her ribcage in their screaming need to be free.
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn, and Caitlyn said:
 
  "Can we talk?"




  
  Vi was driving with the sort of impatience that meant she barely used her blinkers, navigating Zaunite streets with clenched fists on the steering wheel. Her sweater was hastily thrown over a tear—stained tank top, her sweats fished wrinkly out of her laundry hamper — emergency clothes for an emergency situation. The clock on her car read 1:07AM, a steady green reminder that she was feeling out of control, reckless, angry.
 
  She turned onto the street with rapid movements, her SUV — more leg room, she thought bitterly — nearly fishtailing on the slick streets as she failed to slow down appropriately, but she didnt care. Vi just needed to 
  
    get there
  
  , to take action, to work through the bad feelings in a way that was productive instead of lying in bed next to someone that mattered to her and letting them fester and build to a high heat.
 
  When she arrived, she threw the SUV in park, tossed on her parking brake, and sat for a few moments as the engine ticked down, the bitter Zaun cold battering at her windows, filling her sweater with chill. She exhaled outwards, watching her breath crystalize until she slammed a hand so hard against the steering wheel that it stung her palm.
 
  Her gaze swivelled to the house — porchlight on. Vi had confirmed shed be home before she started driving. Then, she slammed her door open, slammed it shut, and walked around the SUV with her hands in her pockets, hood up, birkenstocks — she didnt have time for her fucking shoes — doing very little to prevent the freeze from the pavement from seeping into her skin, cooling her feet. The door to the house opened, and a hulking shadow emerged, hands in her pockets as she watched Vi approach, Vis lips spreading with anger.
 
  “Vi,” Sevika said, folding her arms, “what can I help you—”
 
  “They shot pucks at her,” Vi said through grit teeth.
 
  Sevika froze, her entire body jerking as if touching a live wire, and Vi closed the distance, standing in front of her mentor, her coach, the one person in her hockey life that shed cared about the opinion of more than her father — way more than her father, as her life had continued and Vander had grown more and more demanding and less and less supportive.
 
  “Youd better come in,” Sevika said, turning to retreat into the house, Vi hot on her heels, “You look fucking ridiculous.”
  
  “Can we talk?” Caitlyn asked, and Vi met her eyes. She watched the way that Caitlyn seemed to gather herself, to bring the light around her and try to fight away the shadows beneath her eyes, shadows that Vi had the privilege of fighting away, forcing away bit by bit. Vi hadnt been cognizant of how unhappy Caitlyn had been until shed seen her shoulders lift from lack of weight and eyes clear of their cloudy disposition, and she made it a mission — a personal mission — to make her smile, make her sigh.
 
  Caitlyn filled a few holes that Vi hadnt known were there, and Vi was determined to do the same, reciprocate.
 
  But this moment was sharp, serrated. Caitlyns question felt like a hand reaching across a chasm, and Vi wasnt sure if she wanted to be pulled across it, or if she wanted Vi to join her on the other side. Caitlyns question felt important, like this moment between them would be definitive, distinct.
 
  So when Caitlyn asked if they could talk, Vi pushed herself upright and said, “of course.”
 
  Caitlyn shot her a grateful look that had Vi gripping her hands, tugging her to sit up on the couch. They rotated to face one another — Vis legs crossed, Caitlyn drawing her knees up to wrap her long limbs around them.
 
  Initially, their height difference intimidated her. Vi could admit that, now. Vi was always a runt — a consequence of the runoff that had killed their parents — and Caitlyns statuesque appearance and big body had always made Vi feel smaller and weaker in her presence. But now, with Caitlyn curled into herself, Vi realised that the difference had always been a point of admiration. Vi wanted Caitlyn to stand as tall as she could, because when her shoulders were squared and she was on skates and staring across the ice—
 
  Vi had never seen anything more beautiful.
 
  “I — there are things,” Caitlyn began, her fingers twitching. Vi tracked the movement, reached to curl her fingers under Caitlyns, a mini barricade between Caitlyns knees and her finger pads, a familiar gesture. Powder had often needed Vis hands in order to communicate effectively, something to ground her movements to the here and now so she could focus on what she was saying instead of the 
  
    buzzing
  
   in her brain.
 
  Caitlyn seemed to just need the touch more than something to fidget with — her fingers squeezing Vis larger ones, her face morphing into something grateful, than serious.
 
  “I— dont know where to start,” Caitlyn began.
 
  “Wherever you want,” Vi said, her thumbs drawing little circles on Caitlyns skin, “Im here for you.”
 
  “Youre the most impatient person ever,” Caitlyn countered, “I feel like if I start at the beginning youll run through walls.”
 
  Vi opened her mouth to say something 
  
    vulnerable
  
  , hesitated, and ploughed right through.
 
  “I waited 12 years for you,” she said.
 
  Caitlyns face was stricken for a few moments, her fingers clenched around Vis hands. “Do you mean that?”
 
  “I do,” Vi said.
 
  Caitlyn exhaled, squeezed Vis hands, and pressed her forehead to her knees. Vi watched her, and expected to feel… anxious, she supposed. Upset. But she was so controlled, so calm — inside her there was a ticking clock that never wavered.
 
  She was so unsure about her career, about her sister, about her father, about expectations and legacy and what she was trying to prove.
 
  But shed always been sure of Caitlyn — even when she hadnt been sure of herself. She was sure that Caitlyn was good, that Caitlyn was skilled, soft, kind, intelligent. She was sure that Caitlyn was the reason that shed been so unmoored early in their careers, she was sure that Caitlyn was the reason she was so competitive early, so eager to shut her down and shut her out. She was too immature for Caitlyn in the beginning — needed to work for her, work to be worthy of her.
 
  It had always been Caitlyn, shed realised, even if she hadnt known it.
 
  “I,” Caitlyn started, “thats… not what I wanted to talk about.”
 
  “I know,” Vi replied, “I dont mind waiting to talk about — everything else. We probably have—”
 
  “—yeah, theres a lot to unpack,” Caitlyn said, “but Im not — I dont think youre— alone.”
 
  Vi nodded, smiled. “Its okay.”
 
  “I just— that was a lot to—”
 
  “Caitlyn,” Vi repeated, soft and low, “its okay. This is your talk — we can talk about my thing later.”
 
  “How do I know,” Caitlyn began, “that when I finish, youll still — its a lot, Vi. Im a lot. I dont know how youll see me when I finish? What if you dont like the whole picture?”
 
  Vi sighed, squeezed her hands harder. “Theres no chance of that.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, and shaky—voiced, began.
  
  Sevikas house was filled with furniture that looked oversized and lush. The sitting room had a massive L shaped 14 seater couch, each seat complete with a cupholder and a phone charger, and a dominant projector screen that had a movie muted and paused, something that had two teeth—grit competitors in a boxing ring. The art on the walls was more elegant than Vi had expected, tasteful black and whites and partially nude artwork of women drawn in a careful, winding hand.
 
  Speaking of the unexpected, there were two wine glasses and a half—drank bottle on the living room table.
 
  “Do you have company?” Vi asked, and Sevika grunted.
 
  “Did. Sit down.” She whisked the two glasses away towards the kitchen, leaving Vi to be swallowed up by the large couch, burying her face in her hands with her elbows on her knees. The projector screen flapped gently with the movement, the image disappearing into a screen saver of miniature fireworks popping on a field of black. Vi remained seated, staring unblinkingly until a highball of brown liquid appeared in front of her face, held by an impatient looking coach.
 
  Vi took the drink, sipped long and hard at the whiskey, and swirled it idly as Sevika took a seat in a huge armchair, setting her own glass in her cupholder, untouched.
 
  “Pucks?” Sevika confirmed.
 
  Vi nodded.
 
  “Shit,” Sevika said, pressing her fingers to her temples.
 
  “I want to fucking kill her,” Vi murmured, voice wooden, dead, “I want to fly to Piltover and wait outside her house and fucking kill her.”
 
  “That wont help Caitlyn,” Sevika replied.
 
  “I almost dont care.”
 
  Sevika made a small noise of agreement. “She know youre over here?”
 
  Vi nodded absently. “Greenlit it. She knew that I wouldnt be able to sleep — after. I was with her until she fell asleep, came here to work off some of the frustration.”
 
  “Ah,” Sevika murmured, “you came to hit something.”
 
  Vi slid her gaze to Sevikas and downed her glass. “Do you still have the ring in the basement?”
 
  “Does the pope shit in the woods?”
 
  “Does the—” Vi stared. “What?”
 
  “Youve never heard that?”
 
  “No, Ive never heard that. What does it mean?”
 
  Sevika frowned up at her own ceiling for a moment. “It means yes.”
 
  “Does the pope shit in the woods means yes?”
 
  “Do you want to box,” Sevika asked patiently, “or no?”
 
  “I do.” Vi confirmed.
 
  “Then follow me.”
  
  I was nineteen when she first approached me. I remember it pretty clearly — she liked my slapshot, asked if she could give me a few pointers. I was eager to please back then — I guess, on some level, I always was. I had read so much about her — about all of them — that I figured I had a handle on how to win them over. I wasnt going to be just another rookie — I was going to be the best rookie theyd ever seen.
 
  So I took her pointers. They were a little wrong for my body shape — most of my personal coaches had given me pretty explicit instructions on how to use my hips and shoulders when shooting — but I thanked her for the advice. She was… twenty two or three, and she was handsome. She had a smile that showed some missing teeth, and I thought to myself, now heres a real hockey player.
 
  She was basically everything I wasnt, at that point — I was a string bean, and she was built, big, tough defender. She hazed me, but everyone hazed each other — Id read enough to know that rookies tended to take some ribbing. I laughed it off, joked along with it, kind of self—deprecating for their amusement to prove that I was cool, and hip, and with it. When we got to games, though, I wanted to win — and she admired that. She told me over and over again how much she admired me for the way I played, got drinks with me and told me that she appreciated how much time I clearly put into things. There was a lot of one—on—one meetings where shed explain how the league worked, who to trust, who not to trust — offered to connect me with media people. She seemed to know everyone.
 
  It was a month in when we had sex for the first time — after another personal meeting. I hadnt been a virgin, but she showed me a lot about myself. I hadnt been with anyone as experienced, and being young and naive, I just — it was amazing. She blew me away with how good it could be. I thought it was a mistake, but it seemed like she really had my best interests in mind — it felt like she…
 
  It felt like she cared.
  
  The bag swung on its creaky chains, a rapid thumping accompanying the sound as Vi pictured Terri with her 
  
    let me take a run
  
  , Terri with her smug smile, Terri with her slowly licking up the V of her gloved fingers, Terri with her face positioned behind microphones, casually explaining why Caitlyn was a piece of shit and a liar and a snake in the grass. Accusing Caitlyn of all the things that shed done.
 
  She who smelt it fucking dealt it.
 
  Vi hit the bag, and hit the bag, and hit the bag until the sweat dripped onto the canvas, until her entire front and back were soaked. She hit the bag until Sevika pulled her away, gently put a bottle of water in her glove, and made her drink it all, kept her cool hands on Vis shoulders to massage, push, press away the burning muscle. Then, Sevika stepped aside, and Vi hit the bag again, and again, and again.
 
  Sevika watched carefully with a towel and more water, timing it on a wristwatch, keeping Vi from overdoing it — after all, they had a game that night against the Assassins, a real place for Vi to work out her aggression in the way she usually did.
 
  On the ice.
 
  When Vi slumped back, exhausted, Sevika pulled off her gloves, unwrapped her hands and arms, and began massaging cream into her skin that made her muscles relax and ease. Vis head was rolling backwards on her shoulders, the exhaustion creeping in.
 
  “Were power ranked second in the league, now,” Sevika said, calmly, “over the War Horses and Knights. Looks like were making good on our promise.”
 
  “Well have a hell of a time getting above the third seed,” Vi muttered, “itd be nice to guarantee home barn advantage for the playoffs.”
 
  “We cant catch the Assassins unless we run the table,” Sevika confirmed, “but we can put them and the Knights on notice that you cant show up to a Sumprats game without bringing your best.”
 
  Vi nodded, closed her eyes, leaned her head back.
 
  “Do you still want to kill her?” Sevika asked.
 
  “I do,” Vi admitted, “I want to destroy her.”
 
  “Start with her legacy,” Sevika replied, “because thats what matters most. If you want to hurt Terri Landsman, the best way to do it is make her irrelevant.”
 
  Vi opened her eyes to narrow slits and watched Sevikas face. Sevika watched back, passive, serene.
 
  “How do I do that?”
 
  Sevika smiled.
 
  “Winning a cup with her toxic teammate would be a great start.”
  
  I can pinpoint when it started to turn, when the affection turned sour. Danforth always said that Terri had the puck when the game was on the line, Terri was the closer. But I could see that that night, she didnt have it. We were losing to the Red Pandas, and Landsman had just — Sevika had her number all night, kept breaking up passes and Terri just looked… lost. So I kind of took control because Sevika was good, but I knew that if I could beat her off the first step, she couldnt keep up with me.
 
  So I did a hero play — got the pass at our own end, turned it up ice, and instead of feeding it to Landsman to lose another puck in the neutral zone, I just kept it. Turned Sevika around, beat her off the first step, tied the game up. I remember turning to celebrate and just getting… static from Terri. A few of my other teammates did the whole hugging thing, but Terri — Landsman just went back to the bench.
 
  During the break between the end of the third and overtime, she cornered me in the hallway, told me that I was never to do that again. That I didnt understand the systems I was messing with. She told me that rookies didnt matter — the rookie of the year trophy didnt matter, none of the buzz mattered. She told me to stay back, know my role, and called me Rook. She only ever called me Rook, or Kiramman, from that point forward.
 
  I thought at first she was joking, but she was serious. I kept trying to score in OT, but whenever I missed, Landsman kept shouting across the ice at me, jostling me under her breath on the bench. I passed the next five times I had a chance, and each time I watched my team whiff it — over and over and over again. I hated it — I hated knowing that I couldve scored, if they just let me handle it.
 
  So, again, I took the puck, wristed it high, won the game in overtime. This time, everyone joined in on celebrating, cheering and clapping me on the back. I thought that — I genuinely thought Terri Landsman had just — a weird sense of humour. But in the shower they soaked me in baking soda, and at practice when Danforth stepped away, they taught me to shoot by slapping pucks at me while I had to skate back and forth, the width of the ice.
 
  They did that every time I missed a shot from that point onwards, told me that if I pulled the trigger, I had to score.
 
  So I did.
  
  Sevika dropped Vi off after that, and Vi walked up the dark stones to her house, unlocked the door with her keys — exhausted, run down, still a little drunk. She shed her clothes in the hallway, walked through the dingily lit bungalow with its poor insulation and old furniture — the house was bought for cheap, sparsely touched. Most of her time was spent at Caitlyns place anyways, and Caitlyns house was far more comfortably furnished and beautifully built. Her neighbours were fun, pure Zaunites through and through, and there were more delivery apps available around her if she didnt feel like cooking.
 
  Vi held on to the place, just because — whatever. It wasnt moving in with someone if you still had a place to call your own.
 
  Vi found Caitlyn fast asleep, just where shed left her, and crawled into the bed, wrapping her arm around Caitlyns waist and snuggling in, pressing her face to Caitlyns hair and inhaling, long and deep and beautiful. Caitlyns skin was porcelain in the night, smooth to the touch, soft, warm. Caitlyn snuggled back, exhaled on a sigh, and Vi felt everything in her unclench, relax.
 
  She still wanted to fucking kill Terri Landsman, but she didnt want to do it with her hands. Her hands were too good for Landsman. Instead, she thought about what else to do, how else to do it. She thought about winning, about what Landsman valued most.
 
  Vi thought, and plotted, and fell asleep with visions of Landsmans name slowly fading from the world until nothing was left but a tainted memory.
  
  We never had sex again, after that, but I wanted out. The first contract was a nightmare of constant stress — when I missed a shot in a game, it was so hard to go to sleep during the night — I kept thinking about a whistle blowing as 
  
    shot practice
  
   started. I went to my agent, but Amara explained that being traded was next to impossible in my first contract —  that nobody would want an untested prospect. She also explained that no other team had the assets to trade for me, that Piltover was my best shot at the cup — Landsman was 
  
    so 
  
  well respected, after all. I felt like I was trapped.
 
  I considered going to the media, but Landsman knew everyone — knew all the players and had their ear. If I went to anyone outside of the team, if I tried to expose it, Id get shut down. I tried once, but Danforth caught wind of it and internally fined me — 10,000 dollars for starting drama. I was stuck in this… black place, and all I could do was work on myself, work on my game, try not to make waves until I was a free agent.
 
  But it got so bad in my fourth year. I think Landsman knew that I was gone as soon as I had a chance, and she either thought Id tell someone, or didnt want to give me up because I was good — something. She physically started trying to intimidate me, called me a pussy and a bitch for trying to quit, went after me in practices. This was the year that you and the Ironfists really started targeting me. I kept going home to bruises. Landsman knew that if I had an injury Id be even harder to move, that Id be forced to re—sign with the Lone Stars, so she started trying to manufacture one — targeted my ribs, my knees, really tried to take me out.
 
  I went to my mother. I told her I wanted to quit. She didnt have a lot of time back then — she was working 20 hour days on the reparations, fighting through road blocks and prejudice and working with Zaunite organisations that she had to keep proving herself to. She told me that — she said Kirammans dont quit. She told me that no matter how hard it got, that I had what it took to fight through it. She told me that she loved me and cherished me and that if I was facing obstacles, Kirammans always overcame.
 
  I realised she was right, all of a sudden. I realised that if Landsman wanted me to go down so hard, the best way to fight it was to never go down. So I didnt, Vi.
 
  I stayed on the ice.
  
  “Welcome to the Pointed Star, official podcast of The Piltover Lone Stars, and weve got a stacked show for you today. Im Kelsey Persons and with me as always is Claire Beaucomp.”
 
  “Hello!”
 
  “And tonight were going to talk about the big news — well, not big news in Lone Stars spheres, because its a different team.”
 
  “Right, but seeing as our team sucks—”
 
  “Yeah, seeing as the Lone Stars are DOA this year, we thought wed talk a little about the Sumprats.”
 
  “So, the Sumprats, which are being led by Caitlyn Kiramman, just recorded their 18th win in a row over the Assassins, 3—1. That ties the Grayson—led Lone Stars win streak record, and we had some feelings about it that we wanted to discuss with Lone Stars nation today because were — theres some 
  
    weird
  
   stuff happening.”
 
  “Yeah, theres a lot of weirdness. Now, Ive been a fan of this team my whole life, youve been a fan your whole life, but we were born slightly after the Grayson dynasty, so we—”
 
  “We havent seen a good Lone Stars team, a team that won the cup, since we were like, 2.”
 
  “Right, so all we know is those Kiramman—Landsman teams coming up short.”
 
  “So to see Caitlyn Kiramman having an MVP season — 82 points, she bagged a goal and an assist last night, averaging 29 minutes a game on a 3rd seed team that truly feels like its unbeatable — I just, my heart is so full.”
 
  “Its amazing, isnt it? Like, thats my girl. The Sumprats are easily my second team.”
 
  “Oh, easily!”
 
  “It also clarified to me who my favourite was, you know? Like remember all those Landsman vs Kiramman debates where wed argue who was the best man?”
 
  “I mean, you argued maybe. I was always a Kiramman girl.”
 
  “Right, but I got seduced sometimes by the whole Landsman storylines — like, the grinding, outwork you, beat you by digging deep. Caitlyn was high scoring, less charismatic, kind of the icy cheerleader in high school, you know?”
 
  “Do I ever.”
 
  “So yeah, I flip—flopped. But after the 7 game Ironfist series where Kiramman just put the team on her back and carried us to the W—”
 
  “There was no contest.”
 
  “None whatsoever. Like, we drafted Kiramman — we got Landsman in a 
  
    trade
  
  . Kiramman was the citys girl.”
 
  “What fucking sucks, for me, is that we finally felt like we had a team identity that season. Kiramman runs the offence, Landsman runs the defence. But then this stupid team decides to leave Kiramman off the protection list—”
 
  “Which, by the way, 
  
    is a historic stupid decision.
  
   This is our 
  
    franchise player
  
  , what the fuck were they 
  
    thinking!
  
  ”
 
  “—and then she goes and lights us up immediately. Theres clearly bad blood, Landsman retired when she left but then came back and is a shell of herself.”
 
  “She keeps trying to run the offence and its like theres a dead body skating around out there.”
 
  “She cant score, she cant skate, shes too slow in our end, she can hit but she needs to sit down afterwards—”
 
  “Its so disgraceful.”
 
  “But the crazy thing is that were still trying to win games. We should be tanking — we should be taking Ls left and right and making trades and trying to be competitive. Instead, were out here trying to ride Landsmans old bones and Raffis occasional hot hand to wins? What are we doing? If we make the playoffs, and thats a big if, were just going to get obliterated by the Knights immediately and we wont even get draft picks!”
 
  “The point is—”
 
  “Oh, yeah, the point. Fuck.”
 
  “We get heated.”
 
  “Im so mad at this shitty team.”
 
  “The point is that we know that the Sumprats are our rivals — like, thats abundantly clear. But were terrible this year, and we love Caitlyn Kiramman, and shes doing amazing things with them. So you all are not allowed to be pissed at us when we do a little clap at our girl doing fantastic things.”
 
  “Shes gonna win the MVP, and shes on a team that might get us out of the War Horses—Knights—Assassins hell that weve been locked into for years.”
 
  “As soon as the Lone Stars are mathematically eliminated, Im going to be rooting for Zaun. Mark it down.”
  
  Im not sure when Terri gave up on trying to beat me down, so she instead focused on trying to freeze me out. She told me that I wasnt invited to team outings — which was fine by me — and she told me that all anyone wanted was for me to show up to practice, play, and leave. That was around the time that new rookies started to show up and Landsman would do her whole routine — I knew it for what it was by then, but I was so… exhausted. Anytime I tried to intervene, Landsman would just overpower them with charisma, love, compliments — just make them feel like they were her world. This big name, with the contacts and inside information and respect. How could you resist that?
 
  But in games, I was left alone, which suited me fine. I just focused on making the right plays. Most games were hard with me getting slammed every night, but it allowed me to work on getting my shot off quicker, my feet set firmer. I learned to roll through checks and change my diet and workout regimen, I learned to tune Landsman out constantly. I dont think I said six words to her a season — she would yell and rage and Id just skate away.
 
  Something weird started happening, then. More and more players just… stopped listening to her. Our locker rooms were full of Landsman just exploding constantly, yelling at people, grabbing people — and Id sit there quietly and soon, newer skaters started sitting quietly, too. Landsman always had her core of followers, but they started getting traded away or retiring or washing out, and her powerbase slowly started to erode. I got more passes, shot the puck more, started to get momentum again since she didnt have as many people to do shot practice with.
 
  The first time I resigned with the Lone Stars, it was without any options. The second time I re—signed, it was out of spite. I didnt have it in me to make friends with my teammates — that was another way Landsman used to control me, tried to send teammates to me to make nice and then reveal it was all a setup for a sick joke, get me vulnerable so she could put A5—35 in my helmet or soak my change of clothes or put itching powder in my mattress. But I wanted to prove to them — and myself — that I could stick it out. Amara seemed pleasantly surprised, wanting to keep me there as long as possible, but I already knew that I was going to fire her because of the way she handled the previous contract.
 
  I stayed there, alone in a team, and just focused on playing. Really, I have you to thank, Vi. Our little agreed upon rendezvous were far more contact and friendship than I had anywhere else in the league — especially in that locker room. I started to mark our games on my calendar — started getting excited to be… bodied by you.
 
  Im leaving some out — there were two incidents that she threw me against lockers, physically tried to intimidate me — but theyre drops in a bucket.
 
  And then, 2021 happened.
  
  The Streak
   sits at 18 wins, a tie for Graysons Lone Stars team, and shes sitting in front of a webcam on an interview show, smiling into the camera.
 
  “Ive long believed that Caitlyn Kiramman reminds me of myself,” she says, voice soft and elegant, “and Im thrilled that shes found this much success. I feel as though she was long throttled by a bad system and an… unimaginative coach.”
 
  “Danforths system confuses me a lot,” says Taylor Swiffer, smiling into her own webcam. The runtime is 22 minutes and 10 seconds into a youtube video entitled “Im thrilled — Grayson on the Sumprats TYING her 18 win streak!”
 
  “It confuses his players, too,” Grayson remarks, as Swiffer chortles, “they race around like headless chickens. The only time there was order was when they were passing it to Kiramman or Landsman, and of those two options, I think we know now which wed prefer.”
 
  “I actually wanted to get your take,” Swiffer replies, “because around the league its fun to play this game of what—ifs. What do you think the secret to the Sumprats success is?”
 
  “Theyre top down a strong team,” Grayson says, “but I truly believe we havent seen a team as packed with talent as the Sumprats starting lineup. Specifically, Vi Wicket and Caitlyn Kiramman together. Its genius — you have the best defensive forward playing the game running the defence, and the best offensive player running the offence. Everything runs through those two, and their supporting pieces compliment those styles very well.”
 
  “Who do you think is more important to the team success?”
 
  “Kiramman, at this stage,” Grayson replies, “because goals matter a lot in the regular season. When we get to playoff time, though, that defence is going to be the reason teams fear the Sumprats. When we had the most success on the Lone Stars, it was when we were strongest in our own end — shutting down the scoring is the key to lifting the cup, a fact that Mel Medarda and Sevika know all too well.”
 
  “Ive been impressed how theyve complimented each other — Wicket and Kiramman. Going into the season, youd have said Wickett is a C+ offensive player and Kiramman is a D+ defender, but theyve both worked together enough that Kiramman is now able to hold her own in her own end and Wickett has a bit of a bag of tricks now.”
 
  Grayson nods. “I think they both havent played alongside someone of each others calibre in their whole career. Now that they are, you pick up habits.”
 
  Swiffer raises an eyebrow. “Youd put Wickett above Landsman?”
 
  Grayson laughs. “Oh, Id put Wickett above anyone.”
  
  At first I didnt know what was happening. It was a crazy season — you remember it. It was the most competitive season weve ever had. The Lone Stars locker room had reached a peak of cancerous silence mixed with loud outbursts, and we werent a team so much as a collection of hockey players that just did our own thing. There were calls to change coaches, fire our GM, trade someone — but Landsman announced her retirement at the end of the season, and I felt like I might finally be able to breathe.
 
  They never once tried to offer me the captaincy, but I thought that I might want to try it. Landsman had built this culture around being the biggest badass in the room and defied anyone to question her, I thought, hell, I could try to make something a little better, a little healthier. I felt somewhat responsible for the people that I worked with, the younger players who came in in the middle of Landsmans freakouts and my silence. They couldnt have learned good habits in that environment.
 
  So I told Danforth that Id like the A, that Id played for him for eleven years. He told me that As were earned, not given for free, and basically laughed me out of the office. I set about trying to prove that Id be a good assistant — I started coaching the younger players, started explaining the theory behind what I was doing. Every time I tried, Danforth was behind me, barking in my ear, loudly correcting me — no matter what I said. Landsman would then slide in and echo my sentiment, and Danforth wouldnt say anything. Another way to keep me from making attachments, I guess.
 
  I gave up, I was frustrated, and tired. I wanted away from the team, wanted a fresh start, wanted — something. I again went to Amara, asked for a trade — I was well known, well respected, a good player in a contract year. I figured the Lone Stars could get a few draft picks and focus on rebuilding once Landsman left, a fresh start for everyone.
 
  Amara turned me down flat, and when I insisted, she asked me, point blank, if this was about the captain thing.
 
  I hadnt told her about it. I hadnt told anyone but Danforth. But she knew.
 
  I waited until her secretary was distracted, and looked up Amaras other clients, and found that Danforth and Landsman were both managed by her. That the one person I thought I could confide in, could trust to have my back on all of this, was compromised. From the start.
 
  I remember closing the drawer, driving back home, and packing my stuff. I lived out of a cardboard box for the next season. I told the GM in a private meeting that one way or the other, I wasnt returning as a Lone Star, and either he traded me or let me go in the expansion draft.
 
  Amara blocked the trade without informing me, and he left me unprotected.
  
  Vi slammed her body into the attacking Wanderer, sending them ass over tea kettle as the puck shot straight to Caitlyns stick. Immediately, the defender raced up—ice, Riven hot on her heels, and despite the Sumprats being on the penalty kill they were shredding ice, bearing down on the Wanderers goaltender — eyes wide behind their mask.
 
  Caitlyns stick flashed out for a wind up and the goaltender bit — had no choice with the best scorer in the league showing that they were going to shoot — and left it wide open for a laser of a pass to Rivens stick that just needed to be gently coaxed into the yawning net.
 
  “Nice goal, wheels,” Vi said when she was hugging Riven and Caitlyn for the celebration.
 
  “Nice fucking 
  
    hit
  
  , Cap,” Riven cackled, “youre playing like a monster lately.”
 
  Caitlyn and Vi glanced at each other, and Vi shrugged.
 
  “Im fired up,” she replied, and broke the hug up.
 
  At the next faceoff, Vi skated towards the Wanderers enforcer, crouched.
 
  “Tilly time?” she asked.
 
  The enforcer lifted his brows. “Youre up by three. You want to add a tilt?”
 
  “I kinda have some stuff to work off. Do you mind?”
 
  “Oh. Sure, no problem,” the enforcer said, “do you mind taking your helmet off? I broke a knuckle last week.”
 
  “You got it,” Vi replied, and at puck drop she shook her gloves off, dropped her helmet, and squared up.
  
  I let Amara think that I wanted to stay, acted surprised and hurt when she sold me a song about how it was actually 
  
    good
  
   for my career, probably already looking for a way to get me shipped back to Piltover. I dont know why she wanted me there that badly — maybe she knew Danforth was nothing without me, the team was nothing without me — but she always had this air of a know—it—all around her. So I fired her. I packed my stuff, went to Ionia. I booked a hotel room, sat in it for a few days, waiting, hoping, for you to message me. I guess I just needed— I dont know. I needed some comfort.
 
  And then—
 
  “—I left you in the hotel room,” Vi murmured, voice hoarse, full of phlegm from lack of use.
 
  Caitlyn shot her a quick, pained smile. “You did.”
 
  Their positions had reversed during the telling — Caitlyn stretched out on top of Vis body, face tucked beneath Vis chin. Vis hands were idly stroking across Caitlyns hair as Caitlyn cried during the telling, took moments to compose herself, voice going from angry to sad to lonely to wooden and dead as she detailed the minute details of the abuse. Vis hands were quaking with restrained rage, but she held Caitlyn softly, gently, kept her close and near and dear.
 
  “Im sorry,” Vi said, “for so much. Im sorry I never saw.”
 
  “I didnt want you to see,” Caitlyn replied, “I didnt want anyone to see. I felt so weak and stupid for letting it bother me. Some level I knew it was unique, but Landsman — they had a way of just, making me feel like I had no exits. Like I was trapped. Like everyone else was going through something similar.”
 
  “I kept,” Vi said, inhaling, “I kept telling you you had the better team.”
 
  “On paper,” Caitlyn murmured, “I did.”
 
  “Im so fucking sorry.”
 
  Caitlyn exhaled, low and shaky, and pressed her face into Vis front, exhaled on a wet sob.
 
  “You were the only thing,” Caitlyn muffled into Vis shirt, “that I knew I could trust. You were honest, and good, and reliable.”
 
  How sad is that, Vi thought, stroking her hair. How sad is it that Caitlyn leaned on her and she was busy chasing fans for the first four years of their careers while Caitlyn was going through hell. How sad is it that, despite being the person with the most access to Caitlyn, Vi never suspected — despite the bruises, Vi never noticed.
 
  “Youre the strongest person I know,” Vi whispered.
 
  Caitlyn burrowed deeper. “I was stupid,” she murmured.
 
  “No, babe, you arent. You cant — youre not stupid for being vulnerable and being taken advantage of. Youre not in the wrong for trusting the people you shouldve trusted — youre a victim. Theyre the ones that should pay.”
 
  Caitlyns arms came around Vi in a loose, weak circle, the outward sobs becoming a body—wracking noise, a hiccup that made Vi grip her tighter, shifting down the couch to wrap her arms and legs around Caitlyns stretched out body, Caitlyns face burrowing deeper as her own hands rested on Vis shoulders and clenched.
 
  Vi didnt know how long they laid there, with her murmuring into Caitlyns temple and alternating between 
  
    its okay
  
   and 
  
    Ive got you
  
  . When her voice was hoarse, she just stroked her hands through Caitlyns hair and down her back, saying with her fingers what her voice failed to keep repeating. When her limbs were heavy and dead and Caitlyns sobs had receded into muffled whimpers, Vi kissed her head, her forehead, her eyebrows, nose, lips, chin, peppering her with little comforts that shed been unable to give in the past, with tiny affirmations of what she meant when she said shed 
  
    waited
  
  . 
 
  Little specks of love throughout the tears. Tiny points of hope.
  
  “Do you want to go away during the All—Star break?” Caitlyn asked at night skate, after the Wanderers game. The Sumprats sat at 19 wins, a historic record. Theyd celebrated by booking a Karaoke bar in Bilgewater, with loud boasts from Graves that he absolutely 
  
    killed
  
   at The Macarena followed by plenty of protests that the Macarena wasnt even a good karaoke song.
 
  They played the Schooners next after a two day break, and the two days were mostly being used to fine—tune their shooting and focus on their teamwork. The unconscious pressure to beat the record was lifted, and now they were able to throttle down, relax some, focus on staying healthy as the season began to turn towards the playoffs.
 
  “Where?” Vi asked, rolling her shoulder as Caitlyn skated backwards past her, then turned on a dime in a shower of snow. 
 
  “Summer Isles,” Caitlyn replied, coasting to bump gently into the boards beside Vi, leaning next to her and suddenly tutting, reaching out with a gloveless hand and touching the bruise under Vis eye. The shiner was courtesy of the Wanderer enforcers right hook — the broken knuckle hand still throwing bombs.
 
  “You were so stupid to take that fight, Violet,” clucked Caitlyn, still holding Vis face.
 
  “I won,” Vi said, defensively.
 
  Caitlyn shook her head, skated a little closer, a soft smile on her lips. Vi swallowed.
 
  “So stupid,” Caitlyn murmured, and kissed her slowly. Kissed her like there was all the time in the world, and Vi responded in kind, her gloves being shook to the ice as she wrapped her arms around Caitlyns shoulders, deepening the kiss until they were softly pulling and pushing against one another, in the lights of the practice arena, with nowhere to go, nobody to interrupt them.
 
  Just two women in love, pressing close. Or, one woman, at least.
 
  Vi could hope.
 
  “Summer Isles?” Vi asked when she broke the kiss, and had the gratification of seeing Caitlyns dazed expression refocus abruptly.
 
  “Summer Isles,” Caitlyn repeated, shaking herself out of it, releasing Vi reluctantly. “We could book a room for a week, just… hang out.”
 
  Vi lowered her head, looking at Caitlyn out from beneath her eyebrows.
 
  “I think thatd be hard to hide from people,” Vi murmured, “us shacking up together, going on vacation together.”
 
  “It would be,” Caitlyn confirmed, still watching Vi, smiling at Vi.
 
  Vi waited a beat, and caught on to Caitlyns long, steady stare, what she meant by it. What this meant for her.
 
  For them.
 
  “Youre sure?” Vi asked.
 
  “You know who I am,” Caitlyn whispered, “you know what I am, whats happened to me. Im very sure.”
 
  Vi squeezed Caitlyns shoulders, grinned wide, and said, “fuck it. I could use a vacation.”
 
  “So, Summer Isles?”
 
  “Summer Isles.”
 
  When they left the arena, they were holding hands.




  
  Its winter in Zaun. Fat snowflakes continue to lazily fall onto streets filled with filthy slush, the efforts of the citys snow removal service hard at work to make sure the streets are drivable. A commuter city lives and dies by how open its able to remain when snow falls, and Zaun has it down to a science. Despite the cold weather, many in Zaun walk — in various degrees of cold weather clothing — down its cracked and brittle streets, deftly avoiding potholes and puddles that have formed into large cold drops.
 
  Everywhere, Sumprats merchandise can be seen — in store windows, on beanies, in jerseys that the pedestrians wear. Most of them sport either KIRAMMAN or WICKETT — with the odd STOIC and TIETH filtered in. They laugh, they smile, they argue — all in a series of shots across the cityscape.
 
  The footage then cuts to a series of talking head shots, interviews with people walking in the slush and snow.
 
  “Loved the reparations,” says a man with a gap in his teeth, a large fuzzy hat on his face and an open winter jacket on his torso, “but it took a while to get there — like, you know, people around here aint big on handouts.”
 
  “This city is full of survivors,” says one woman as another beside her nods seriously. Both of their nose rings catch the dimming light of the sun, shining weakly through the heavy snow—laden cloud cover, “so we dont give a shit about no… handout.”
 
  “But when they said, hey, this is for treating the water, hospital bills, child care I think thats where they got us.”
 
  “I took the handout, no problem,” says an older cat—hybrid, his smirk growing, “Im too old to be proud about stuff like that. If some rich city wants to give me money, shit, who am I to say no?”
 
  “I donated mine to charity,” says a short, portly woman who has a smile so wide it sticks to her mouth when she forms words, “I just didnt need it any more — the past is the past. And there are folks out there who are needy.”
 
  “It werent about the money for me, for mine,” says a younger looking woman with a HOT GIRL SHIT beanie in bright pink and straight black hair, “it was about wrongs being made right, you know? You fuck up, you should apologize and try to make it right. They fucked up, its on them to make it right.”
 
  “Fuck Piltover,” says a man walking by the camera when asked for his comment, and he refuses to elaborate.
 
  “All the money being split into two and handed to Zaunites on one half and the water treatment on the other — I didnt like that,” says an elderly woman with a cane, “Id have preferred if my grandkids just got the whole amount. I dont care about the water — weve always drank bottled.”
 
  “Yeah, it got clean in, like, what, a year?” the first interviewee says. “That was an elegant enough solution. Its back to what it was before the runoff.”
 
  “Were old enough to remember when the water was brown,” says the other of the pair of women, “so this is a huge improvement. Its a step, anyways, in the right direction.”
 
  “Who cares about water,” grunts the cat hybrid, “arent you making a Hockey thing? Can we talk about trading Ekko while hes playing well for another goal scor—”
 
  “Well, I thought the plan was to actually improve the water from where it was,” says the smiling woman, “but its back to normal, at least.”
 
  “It will do as an apology,” says the pink—beanied woman, “but I dunno — I expected more. I think they got off too easily.”
 
  The footage cuts again, to the interior of a hotel room — neatly set up with two chairs. Powder sits in one of them, legs crossed, idly rotating her ankle as she reads a clipboard, flips between pages as the weak sunlight streaks across the window, throwing her face into severe shadow. The lens catches little blue hairs sticking out of her forehead, a face usually built for smiling frowning in concentration as her lips move slightly — little rehearsals, tiny confessions of nervousness.
 
  She looks up, rises from her seat, and smooths her hands down her slacks.
 
  “Thanks for coming in, Mr. Silco,” Powder says as she rises, calm and serene, gesturing to the second chair.
 
  Silco — a gangly, tall man with one eye and a permanent scowl — unbuttons his suit jacket to sit on the chair, crossing his legs.
 
  “I didnt seem to have much choice,” he says, snidely.
 
  “You didnt,” Powder confirms, and takes her seat again, “though I know youre busy, so we wont take up much of your time. How was your flight?”
 
  Silco smooths his hands down the seams of his slacks — a quick gesture, as if flicking the question aside. “I think we can dispense with the niceties, Powder Lanes.”
 
  “Very well,” Powder says, shrugging, “in that case, I dont think this will take very long at all.”

  
  

  Run at the Cup.
 
  February Part Three: Rearview
 
  "Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much." ——Helen Keller

  
  

  Elora had never believed in routine. 
 
  She had brute—forced her way through a law degree out of spite to a neglectful father and an absent mother, worked all hours of all days in order to work up from being a poor, pale child with mousey brown hair — the colour of dog shit, her high school bullies had said — to someone who could fake competence until she made it. She had always been an exceptional actor, pretending that her dad wasnt drunk at home while she graduated, pretending that her high school colleagues were actually friends when they approached her for Vi Wickett merch, pretending that she wasnt deeply affected by Mel Medardas steely olive gaze as she watched across a large oak desk.
 
  But when shed graduated, shed discovered two things: being a lawyer was boring, and contract law was only exciting if the 
  
    contracts
  
   were tied to exciting things. Her internship was for a large law office that had a wing for athlete contracts — mostly small time, minor hockey leagues, the steadily growing lacrosse league that was gaining steady traction — and shed fallen in love with the idea of negotiation.
 
  Negotiation was just acting in a sense, too — pretending that you had a better hand than you did for leverage.
 
  She had turned down a few job offers when she started putting her toes in the water — Amaras firm had been the most aggressive in pursuing her because she had roots to Zaun, which meant a lot of the Zaunite athletes would take meetings with her rather than the slick and shiny agencies that send cards by the stack to every athlete that were rumoured to be in need of representation. Elora didnt do well with bosses, wanted to see for a year how she could stand on her own before she acquiesced to working under someone elses banner.
 
  Then, Caitlyn Kiramman and Vi Wickett had fallen into her lap.
 
  Elora had always imagined her life if shed gotten the Kiramman contract — shed likely have been a little better off in the long run, financially, but shed have been robbed of a very close and dear friend in Vi. From the first minute of their meeting — in a fancy restaurant that Elora was about to spend the last two hundred dollars in her expenses account on — Vi had made her smile and feel at ease. Vi had walked in, looked around, raised her eyebrows beneath her ratty beanie, and said:
 
  “Man, this place sucks. Can we get burgers?”
 
  Elora and Vi had finished their meeting in Vis beaten up pickup truck, greasy paper in their laps as Elora had promised to devote every waking moment to her. Vi hadnt mentioned her father — Elora knew he was in the picture — but she wasnt about to meet with the man if Vi felt it unnecessary.
 
  “What do you think of my game?” Vi had asked, a testing question that Elora considered through a bite of her burger, wiping the corner of her mouth with a thumb before she replied.
 
  “The scouts tell me that youre hard hitting, but what I love is your charisma,” Elora had replied.
 
  “Charisma?”
 
  “Mm—hm,” Elora finished chewing, “youre likeable. Youre more likeable than most hockey jocks. I care more about that than anything else. We can set you up on a team that has less charismatic prospects to start, build you a brand, get you endorsements, if you want to go that way.”
 
  “I want to win,” Vi had replied, and the reverence in her voice had frozen Elora slightly. She was barely 23, herself, and this 19 year old kid with a grease stain on her jeans and a beanie that was falling apart was staring out the window with a familiar gaze — a rapidly maturing gaze, eyes that had seen familiar images.
 
  Elora felt a kinship, here. A fire in Vi that mirrored her own — images of brown bottles dotting her living room floor that spurred her to keep working, keep flying, keep trying to secure contracts.
 
  “If thats what you want,” Elora had said, fiercely, “then I can promise that I give you the best shot. You say jump, I say how high, I figure out the best people to jump for you and who can pay you the most for it.”
 
  “I dont care about money,” Vi had said, firmly.
 
  “Neither do I, so long as youre treated fairly. We wont ask for anything more than were owed if thats how you want it.”
 
  Vi nodded, wiped her mouth with a napkin, smirked. “Youre younger than most agents Ive met with.”
 
  “Its my genes,” Elora had replied, “and my birthday.”
 
  Vi had laughed. “Who do you think is going to take me?”
 
  “Wrong question,” Elora had smiled in response. “The right question is, where do you want to go?”
 
  The question had led to Elora calling a long list of teams, but she focused on Ionia, Bilgewater, Noxus, and the Void — the three places Vi had wanted to go first. The Void wanted to take Vi as a free agent after the draft — to save on extra costs and prove herself via the practice squad. That meant a 10 day unguaranteed contract, and that wouldnt do for a fresh out of college kid who was living on their own. Elora wanted stability for Vi, certainty. Piltover, too, offered a shitty contract — six months and barely a living wage by RHL standards. Elora told them that shed call them back, and never did.
 
  Ionia had a late second round pick that they were wishy—washy on, Noxus was trying to figure out who to draft after they took Akali last year, and Elora had wrangled a face—to—face with both clubs. Noxus was first, and so, Elora met Mel Medarda for the first time.
 
  “Give me one good reason,” Medarda had said with her fingers steepled, “why I should take Vi Wickett with a draft pick thats valued very highly. I could trade it for better.”
 
  “You couldnt,” Elora had shot back, “because there isnt better. Vi Wickett has the highest motor and energy level in the draft, shes going to out—hit the entire draft class by her third year.”
 
  “Thats if she makes it past the practice squad.”
 
  “Shell make it,” Elora had replied, “shell be making her mark on this league for years to come. Her floor is a competent role player that can give you fifteen minutes of good ice time a game — the perfect compliment to the War Horses high scoring style.”
 
  Mel had laughed, genuinely. Better than the mocking laughs that Elora had gotten when shed tried that sales pitch around the league. “Rumour has it that the other ten teams you called about Wickett hung up on you. What makes you think you know what they dont?”
 
  “With all due respect, Ms. Medarda,” Elora had begun.
 
  “Oh, please. Mel is fine.”
 
  “Mel. Youre pointing out ten teams that said no. Im looking at ten teams that will be attached to Vi Wicketts name in the future as the teams that 
  
    couldve
  
   had her, but said no. Dont be on that list. Dont throw away your draft pick on someone that can whack a puck but cant play in their own end. Scorers are a dime a dozen, but Vi — Vis going to be 
  
    special
  
  .”
 
  “Good pitch,” Medarda had replied, “very good pitch.”
 
  “Just think about it,” Elora had insisted, handing Mel a plain white business card, “trust me, dont give up on this opportunity.”
 
  By the time that Elora had taken the meeting with Ionia, Mel had already called them — asking what theyd do with their own draft pick, a few spots ahead of the War Horses. Her interest had 
  
    Ionia
  
   incredibly eager, and had primed the meeting perfectly for Elora to sell them Vis talents. The meeting had been two hours, had gone amazingly, and Elora left floating on cloud nine.
 
  Ionia took Vi with their pick, Vi had proved her worth throughout the season, and suddenly, Elora had a lot more money in her expense account.
  
  The Streak
   came to a close in a nailbiter of a game on February 17th, 2023 — the first of a back—to—back road trip that the Sumprats were on in the final days before the cancelled All—Star break. The first of the games came against the Ironspike Mountaineers, a respectable team that played a similar style to the Sumprats — bruising, defensive hockey. They didnt have a true star on their roster besides their wily veteran goaltender Jax, but they won games by working hard, grinding on the boards, and throwing everything they could at you for as long as you could take it.
 
  In many ways, they were the Sumprats if they didnt have Ashe, Caitlyn and Ahri — line after line of meathead defensive specialists that cleared the puck and kept the play in front of them.
 
  The Sumprats were exhausted from the gruelling winning streak, on their first game of a back to back, and were staring at the Lone Stars on the schedule for the next day. The Mountaineers were fresh faced and hungry to be the team that put the record—shattering team to bed. Zauns stars were weary as the amount of minutes over the season began to creep upwards; the Mountaineers were able to enjoy a relaxed rotation of skill to keep their legs fresh.
 
  The most telling thing about the game was that it was close — on paper, the Mountaineers shouldve been all over the Sumprats from the puck and tried to run them out of the building. But the Sumprats had proven one thing, over and over and over again throughout the season — you knock them down, they get back up.
 
  You pushed them, they shoved.
 
  The Mountaineers managed to stave off goals from Hot Girl Shit, from the Ahri—Mylo—Poppy line, and the Thresh line got no traction, but it was obvious from early on that nobody on their roster could handle Rivens wheels. She flew down the ice unimpeded by Caitlyns defensive responsibilities and Vis stone hands, a silver streak in a white jersey as she knocked the puck off of opponents sticks, got big chance after big chance, tested Jaxs flexibility and reflexes in the crease again and again.
 
  The Mountaineers tried to trap her, but she outran the trap. They tried to shadow her, and she shook off the shadow. When in the 2nd period they brought a second defender to try and force her to cough the puck up, her eyes were glowing, face flushed with pride.
 
  “Is this how you feel all the time?” Riven asked Caitlyn during a TV timeout, and Caitlyn grinned.
 
  “Frustrating, isnt it?”
 
  “Frustrating, sure,” Riven replied, “flattering though.”
 
  “Keep hammering,” Caitlyn reassured, “youll sneak one through.”
 
  Riven finally bagged a goal at the top of the third, when both teams were barely moving due to the pressure, the 0—0 score taunting them as the period ticked to 3. Riven caught an awkward pass on the Mountaineers blue line and charged the puck up ice, managing to deke Jax and tuck the puck in past the post for the goal. She whooped and dropped on one knee for the celebration as the Ironspike fans booed and thumped the glass.
 
  Rivens goal seemed to shake Ironspike awake, and they pushed the action all third period, executing crisper passes to test Graves — in net to save Ekkos energy for the Lone Stars — time in and time out. They managed to squirt an errant shot through Graves five hole, and then scored again on his glove side, barely avoiding a Vi hit.
 
  The Sumprats rallied and responded when Vi hit Caitlyn with a no—look pass that blasted home in the top right corner, but it only stemmed the bleeding as the Mountaineers managed a one—timer late in the period to beat Graves stickside and make the game 3—2.
 
  Riven had two amazing chances in the dying seconds of the period — one off the post and the other had Jax flashing the glove — but the clock ran out with the Sumprats trailing, and the Mountaineers escaped with the win. The Streak was at an end, standing at 20 games, firmly in the RHLs record books. The Mountaineers said afterwards that the Sumprats fought hard, that they earned so much respect by battling through such a gruelling season.
 
  Vi sat at her locker with cameras in her face, smoothing her hair under her hat, blinking into the lights.
 
  “They outplayed us,” Vi admitted, “no real excuses on this squad. They play hard, they play to win, and they got us today. Well have to get them next time.”
 
  Caitlyn ducked into the view of the cameras and tossed Vi a deodorant that she snagged one—handed, shooting the taller woman a grateful smile as she applied it.
 
  “On to Piltover,” Vi continued.
  
  “Its time for her to get into a winning situation,” Brian — current GM of the Ionia Ironfists —said, kindness in his face and voice. If Elora had any respect for him, shed have a harder time detecting the shrewdness.
 
  As it was, Elora could only glower at him. 
 
  Vi was loyal to a fault, to Eloras mild frustration. She was loyal to her fans, loyal to her teammates, and loyal to Brian, despite Eloras insinuations that a trade would likely help Vi in winning. Elora had always done exactly what Vi had asked — she fought Brian every extension deadline to get her client as much money as possible while keeping her in a good situation. Shed begged Vi to let her explore trade opportunities, kept her ear to the ground for openings in other clubs and interest. Vi had never taken her advice about a trade, but Elora never stopped looking — just in case her client got tired of pandering to the Ironfists every promise and wanted to spread her wings.
 
  Vi had done well for herself off of her own talent, and Elora was the woman in the background, wheeling and dealing and ensuring she was as protected as possible.
 
  That included now, when Brian asked Elora for a meeting after Vi had gone down with her knee injury —  a knee—on—knee collision in a Lone Stars playoff series. Elora knew what the meeting would be. Had known since shed clicked accept in her Gmail and triple—checked the contract to ensure that Brian couldnt pull a fast one.
 
  The contract was iron clad, and Elora knew that she had all the leverage when she smoothed her skirt down her thighs and said, “Like hell.”
 
  “Im sorry?”
 
  “That woman,” Elora had began, “has given this team everything she has. The Vironfists. Shes fought through blood, sweat, and tears to keep herself in peak physical form despite the lack of help you and your staff has given her. But when she goes down with a knee injury, suddenly youre moving on?”
 
  “Its just about the fit.”
 
  “The fit?” Elora asked. “Tell me about how Vi doesnt 
  
    fit
  
   in her own team.”
 
  “Dont get heated, Elora,” Brian said placatingly.
 
  “Dont get 
  
    patronizing
  
  , Brian,” Elora snapped, “go ahead and tell me about this fucking fit.”
 
  “You dont need to get excited, Im just saying that if we could trade Vi we could find her a better opportunity to win.”
 
  “Youre trying to get off an expensive contract now that you need to pay her to rehab her knee. Lets call a spade a spade. Ive thrived off of bullshit my whole life, Brian. I know how it smells. You fucking 
  
    reek
  
  .”
 
  “I just—”
 
  “No, no,” Elora said, “heres what were going to do. Vi is going to take a nice long, well—deserved rest on your dime, because thats what you agreed to when she signed the contract. We will not be waiving our no—trade clause. While shes healing her knee she can also take some time to heal her back, which Im sure is sore from carrying this sack of shit team youve built around her year in and out. When all that is done, and her contract is up, 
  
    maybe
  
   we can go elsewhere.”
 
  Brian stared at her.
 
  “Nod, so I know youve heard me.”
 
  Brian nodded, exhaled explosively. “Whatever you want, Elora.”
 
  Elora nodded sharply. “Thanks for the tea.”
 
  A week and a half later, Elora got a call from Mel Medarda, which was incredibly fortuitous timing.
 
  “Hows Vis knee?” Mel asked.
 
  “Shell heal up quick,” Elora replied, “Brian finally tried to trade her.”
 
  “What did you say?”
 
  “Vi doesnt want to leave. She wants to leave a winner, despite everything. As much as Id love to get her out of here, shes the client, and she wants it badly.”
 
  “Dedicated,” Mel murmured, “Im sorry that I didnt take your advice way back.”
 
  “I told you youd regret it,” Elora teased, and then straightened. “I dont think I ever thanked you for calling Ionia.”
 
  “Well, I was an assistant GM. I couldnt say yes unilaterally. When Mark said no I figured the least I could do was drum up interest.”
 
  “Brians a moron,” Elora snorted, “but even he knows when you like someone, theyre real.”
  
    
  
  
    
  
  “Admittedly, my long con was to see if I could trade for her later and hope you remembered me.”
 
  Elora paused, considered what she was about to say, said fuck it very quickly. “Youre pretty hard to forget.”
 
  “Hmm,” Mel murmured, and changed the subject abruptly, “more business, quickly. Put a pin in that.”
 
  Elora smiled. “Pinned.”
 
  “How would Vi feel about going home?”
 
  The question gave Elora pause, drumming her fingers along her desk. “What are you telling me?”
 
  Mel hesitated. “The question is its own.”
 
  “Vi,” Elora replied, “doesnt disclose her family life with league professionals.”
 
  “Of course. I wasnt asking on a personal basis.”
 
  Elora let the silence hang between them for a beat, and her brain thrilled at this — the verbal chess, the dance of agent and GM, sussing out what someone was saying, why they were saying it now, in this particular way.
 
  Mel ended the silence — point, Elora — when she said, “I just figured Id gather interest. See if theres any way I could negotiate my way into Vis potential destinations.”
 
  Elora said, “youre always on my short list, Mel. I know you dont dick players around.”
 
  “Hardly,” Mel snorted, “Ive never seen the sense in being secretive, anyways. Besides, Vi seems like she could handle herself in the higher end discussions about running a franchise.”
 
  “Shed make a good coach, if she wanted to be one,” Elora replied.
 
  “Would you represent her in that, too?”
 
  “Depends on her.”
 
  Mel lapsed into silence for a moment, before her voice turned a little flirty, a little melodic: “Can we circle back to how unforgettable I am?”
 
  “Anytime,” Elora laughed, “when are you going to let me ask you to dinner?”
 
  “Well, as it happens,” Mel began, “Ill be in Ionia for a week.”
 
  “In the middle of the off—season?” Elora asked.
 
  “Ive been relieved of duties as a War Horses executive,” Mel replied, “but I plan on not discussing business for the week. Would you happen to be free for a day?”
 
  “You havent given me a date,” Elora replied.
 
  “Thats a yes,” Mel said through a smile, and Elora thought, 
  
    point, Medarda
  
  .
 
  “Yes,” Elora said warmly, “let me know what date.”
 
  When they hung up, Elora pulled up her notes app and wrote:
 
  
    Zaun team opening — Mel GM?
  
  
  “My pops had this saying,” Darius says to the camera, huddling his knees to his chest in a stretch. Hes dressed only in his shoulder pads and undershirt, stretching out his limbs in a post—practice fog of sweat and satisfaction. The camera picks up how his shirt clings to his torso muscles as he goes through his stretches. Text appears on screen:
 
  
    February 18th
  

  
    Third Zaun Sumprats vs Piltover Lone Stars game
  
 
  “You get what you pay for, you know?” he says.
 
  Footage cuts in with Darius slamming his body into a Lone Stars defender, sending them spinning in a tight circle as they collapse on the ice. He looms over them for a moment, grinning through his mouth guard as another Lone Stars skater shoves him with their stick, a laugh erupting from his throat.
 
  “Its a real simple saying,” he continues, back in the weight room, “basically means that whatever you put into it, you get out of it. It doesnt have much to do with monetary value, in my opinion — its more to do with the 
  
    idea
  
   of value.”
 
  Darius wins the draw against the Lone Stars and zips up ice, getting a pass from Caitlyn on his backhand, sticking to his forehand, and hitting Riven in stride to score. Darius chirps at the tendie on his way by, making the defence shove him as he again laughs in their face.
 
  “So its not describing,” Darius says, “a physical value. Its more of a spiritual value, you know? If you expect something from someone, or something, youre more likely to get that out of it.”
 
  Darius in a scrum with three Lone Stars players, one of them Landsman, as he pulls and pushes them around, specifically trying to pop Landsman in the jaw as the bigger woman barks at him. Claggor rushes into the group, gloves shaking off as he smashes into the pile and begins ripping people off of Darius as Darius and Landsman square up for real, and Darius hits her with a three punch combo — jaw, forehead, stomach — as the brawl begins for real.
 
  Darius is back in the weight room, sitting with his elbows on his knees as he regards the camera, deep in thought.
 
  “I guess, according to my old man,” Darius says, “Terri Landsman paid for an ass beating.”
 
  Darius punches are rabid, his anger evident as he rips Landsman in a circle and throws cross after cross, Landsman turtling down to avoid the punishment. Darius lets up as Landsman falls to one knee, seems to wait for something, and then lashes out as Landsman tries a sneaky cheap—shot, smacking her punch away and responding with a vicious hook that sends her to the ice.
 
  “I dont care what she did,” Darius says to the camera, “I dont need to know what she did. She pissed Vi off, she pissed Caitlyn off, and if I have a shot Im taking it.”
 
  The footage is spliced with Darius punching a bag that Riven is holding, a trainer barking in his ear as he slams his taped up fists into the heavy bag. Another cut to him with boxing gloves and a helmet, in an amateur boxing ring, jabbing at an opponent with a one—two—three combination, working out his form.
 
  “I could go my whole life not knowing, frankly. I know who Caitlyn is in her soul — Ive seen it all throughout the season. If and when she chooses to tell her story isnt up to anyone but her — but I know my girl got wronged, and I still have hands to throw.”
 
  Darius standing over Landsman, pulling his mouthguard out to smile with his teeth — two missing ones in his bottom jaw shining through the camera footage. Over the roar of the crowd, the rink mics pick up his words.
 
  “You see my sweater, Terri,” Darius calls, “you get comfortable on the ice. Get real comfortable.”
 
  One of the refs touches Darius arm as he skates away, raising both of his arms to the Zaun crowds lusty roars. As he skates by Vi, Vi taps his shoulder and says something the mics dont pick up. Darius responds with a 
  
    dont worry about it
  
   gesture, his lips moving.
 
  
    My pleasure, cap
  
  , they seem to say.
 
  Darius continues his stretches, his shoulder popping as he rolls it. “Besides,” he says to the camera, grinning — falsies now in his bottom row, “its not often that Vi Wickett asks you to deliver an ass whoopin. Im honoured.”
 
  As Darius sits in the penalty box, a satisfied smile on his face, the score is revealed along the ticker.
 
  Sumprats 2

  Lone Stars 0
 
  1:31 to go in the 3rd period.
  
  “Elora,” Mel said warmly, as Elora smoothed her skirt down her legs as she sat in a comfortable chair across from Mels desk, leaning back and settling in. Sevika was here too, the big woman hulking as she sat on a bookshelf behind and to Mels right — an interesting addition. Elora wasnt used to negotiating contracts with a coach present.
 
  “Mel,” Elora replied, warmth evident in her own voice, “thank you for taking the time to meet with me.”
 
  It was early October, and Vi was settling into her role as co—captain of the Sumprats, settling well, if she was to be believed. There was a hint of fondness in her voice when she mentioned Caitlyn Kirammans lack of experience with the captaincy — a hint of fondness that Vi herself didnt seem to detect. Elora left her to sort out her own backyard when it came to Caitlyn — it wasnt her place to ask questions such as 
  
    why do you insist on covering her
  
   and 
  
    why do you always use her as a comparison point
  
   and 
  
    when you talk shit to her, why do you sometimes look at her lips
  
  .
 
  Elora shifted lightly in her seat as Mel replied, “of course! I assume you wanted to talk about Vi?”
 
  “I did,” Elora said, “I trust youve read the proposal for extension?”
 
  “I have,” Mel said, and tapped her desk with a well—manicured nail, “I admit, there are some reservations, naturally — Vis recovering from injury, and I know that ownership will not be pleased if my first extension is a player with a bad wheel.”
 
  “Understandable,” Elora replied, “if we were discussing a first year rookie with a history of injuries. This is Vi Wickett were talking about.”
 
  Sevikas gaze was on Eloras face, and it jerked to Mel as Mel toyed with her keyboard, straightening it, adjusting a photograph on her desk. “Vi Wickett,” Mel murmured, “has quite a startling injury history, Elora. We need to be practical, and prudent.”
 
  “Nobody on this team can run the defence better than Vi. Kirammans a sieve, Leona doesnt want to play anymore, Claggors got the head for it but cant lead by example. Poppy and Illaoi are way too raw. Who do you have other than her?”
 
  Sevika leaned back against the wall, folding her arms over her chest, her muscles bulging out of her golf shirt. Elora had never seen her in anything but a golf shirt — even while she was playing.
 
  “What do you suggest?” Mel asks.
 
  “I want a written guarantee,” Elora replied, “that Vi is safe for the season. No trades, no cuts — when extension time comes, we sit down and evaluate based on team need, not history. I dont want my client punished for having to rehab for a month and Im certainly not having her rushed back early to produce.”
 
  “Nobodys rushing shit,” Sevika said.
 
  “Sevika,” Mel murmured.
 
  “You wanted me here,” Sevika replied, “I assume not as eye candy for the pretty agent.”
 
  Eloras gaze jerked away from Sevikas bicep, catching her sneer that Elora suspected was supposed to be Sevikas version of a smile. Sevika lifted a butt cheek up by tilting her waist, grabbing at a pack of nicorette gum, and popped it into her mouth to chew at as if she were competing at an olympic level for jaw pain.
 
  “Shes not any good to us at 60%,” Sevika replied, “so shes not rushing back. Out of the question. You can set that aside.”
 
  Elora raised an eyebrow. “Vis last situation gave me equal assurances, but I caught them leaning on her to rush her back for the mid—season when they were struggling. How do I know youre not going to do the same?”
 
  “For one, were not going to struggle,” Sevika replied flatly, “in case you havent noticed, we have two of the best players to play on this team, not just your client.”
 
  “Vi,” Elora corrected, “in my presence please do not treat her as if shes a commodity. Well leave that to behind the scenes dealings.”
 
  “Elora,” Mel said gently, “we dont do things that way, here.”
 
  “Theres nothing wrong with boundaries, Mel,” Elora replied, “if you truly dont do things that way you wont have any difficulty abiding by them.”
 
  “Indeed,” Mel said in response, “but I rather resent the implication that players are chattel to my organisation.”
 
  Sevika just watched them like tennis players, eyes darting back and forth.
 
  Elora bristled lightly, paused, and then leaned in. “As an aside, its wonderful that you have this job. I know I congratulated you already.”
 
  “Thank you. Honestly, it looks good on me,” Mel said, the icy tone bleeding from her voice as she grinned. “I even got to decorate.”
 
  “The decor really matches well,” Elora said enthusiastically.
 
  “Whats happening?” Sevika asked, alarmed.
 
  “Oh— right,” Elora replied, growing serious once more. “Guarantees. Yes or no?”
 
  “I can give you one,” Mel said guardedly, “but if you dont approve of the contract extension, we reserve the right to counter offer. Im not getting left in the lurch just because you want to use our offer as a bargaining chip.”
 
  Elora thought, 
  
    busted.
  
 
  “Ill need to see if Vi agrees to that,” Elora replied, pulling out her phone to text, “while were on the subject — I see that you two are working closely with Vi about the team needs and strategies. I need to inform you, however, that Vi and I are a team — anything you say to her will get back to me, and vice versa. We dont have secrets from one another.”
 
  “Ive known this about you your whole career. Brian tells nightmare stories about you at every GM meeting.”
 
  “Brian,” Elora continued, finishing her text and putting her phone away, “should not have a job. Hes lucky Vi was crazy loyal to him — though what that simpering idiot did to inspire loyalty, Ill never know.”
 
  Sevika frowned. “So do we talk to Vi or not?”
 
  Elora cocked her head. “Vis the athlete. You can talk to her all you want. Its her decision ultimately — I just negotiate on her behalf.”
 
  “Okay,” Sevika said, slowly.
 
  Mel waved a hand towards Sevika. “Shes brand new to this.”
 
  “I can tell,” Elora said, “its honestly adorable.”
 
  “So cute,” Mel agreed, turning to gaze fondly at Sevika. Sevika grunted, chomped her gum, and folded her formidable arms again, the light in the office catching her prosthetic arm, throwing bronze light across the ceiling.
 
  “Vi finds that agreeable,” Elora says, putting away the text that says 
  
    I think this is long term for me
  
  . Management didnt need to know that Vi was in it for the long haul — leverage was always important.
 
  “Excellent,” Mel says, steepling her fingers, “is that it for the business part of the meeting?”
 
  “I should say so,” Elora replied, and then gestured with her chin at Sevika. “Does she know?”
 
  “She has some idea,” Mel said, “I didnt know how much you wanted to let her in on it.”
 
  “You can tell her,” Elora confirmed, as Sevika continued staring into the middle distance and chomping her gum, “I dont mind in the slightest.”
 
  “Let me know when I need to check back into this conversation,” Sevika muttered.
 
  “Sevika,” Mel replied, and oh, that name 
  
    did
  
   sound good coming from Mels lips, “Elora and I have been a non—exclusive item for a decade or so.”
 
  “Im non—monogamous,” Elora clarified, “and Mel has been kind enough to let me blow of some steam every now and again at hers. But I wouldnt necessarily consider her tied down.”
 
  Sevika frowned at Mel, frowned at Elora, and gripped the shelf she was seated on with both hands, the wood creaking as her jaw worked her gum in a tight little ball.
 
  “Okay?” she asked.
 
  “Just in case you were wondering,” Elora clarified, “I know that Ive had to clear up the misunderstanding a few times.”
 
  “Did you bring me into this meeting,” Sevika wondered, “just so Elora could tell me youre single?”
 
  “I thought it the most efficient way of getting the message across,” Mel pointed out, “you were concerned about the rumours surrounding Elora and I.”
 
  “One rumour,” Sevika clarified.
 
  “Besides,” Mel continued, “youre a valuable asset to these meetings. That and it never hurts to have someone as handsome as you handy.”
 
  “Okay,” Sevika grunted, hopping to her feet, “if thats all, Ive got a team to coach.”
 
  Mel watched her leave with catlike precision, eyes gleaming as her gaze roved lower, then higher. Elora watched with absolute amusement, shaking her head with mirth as the door slammed behind Sevika.
 
  “Rougher than your usual,” Elora said.
 
  “Shes not used to being pursued,” Mel mused, “I wonder if that was a mistake.”
 
  “She seemed flattered to me,” Elora assured, “and youre right — shes rather handsome. You look happy.”
 
  Mels face fell a few degrees as she shuffled a few papers around. “Its… been an unusual time for me. The owner was breathing down my neck all pre—season and has gone radio silent— assumedly because were winning and selling tickets — and—”
 
  “Mel,” Elora said, and Mels gaze jerked to hers, “I didnt mean work happy. You seem interested, and like youre having fun.”
 
  Mel exhaled lightly, smiled, relaxed. “I am. Its been a while since someone flirted with me — I cant help but flirt back. Most of my relationships have been purely physical — its fun doing it the slow way, for once.”
 
  “My advice,” Elora murmured, “is to keep doing it the slow way. It clearly knocks her off balance — maybe off balance is good.”
 
  “Maybe,” Mel murmured.
 
  Elora watched her friend as her gaze shifted to far away, and then reached forwards to clasp her fingers around Mels wrist.
 
  “Talk to me about the owner,” Elora said.
 
  “Silco? Shady,” Mel confided, “very shady. But as owners go, hes not nearly as obnoxious as Noxus was.”
 
  As Mel launched into the work complaints portion of the evening, Elora nodded, provided an ear for a longtime friend, and watched the way that her 
  
    interest
  
   clung to her features even as she focused on tasks that werent named Sevika.
  
  On @SharkAtSunrises twitter account, theres a fifteen second video, clearly shot at a hotel at the Summer Isles — crystal clear blue water, sandy beaches, palm trees gently swaying in the balmy breeze. Two women are facing away from the camera at first — one with straight blue hair in a ponytail, the other with short pink hair. Theyre both dressed for the beach — the taller blue haired woman has a sundress on thats slightly see through, revealing a dark green bikini underneath it. The pink haired woman is stockily built, wearing a sports bra and swimming trunks.
 
  When the video is played, the two look at one another — Vis tattoo suddenly appearing on her cheek, Caitlyn turning so her entire profile is visible as they share a quick pecked kiss, their eyes flying around them, clearly shy, unused to kissing in public. They step away, smile softly at one another, and Vi lifts Caitlyns hands to kiss them as the video becomes suddenly shaky as a phone is clearly dropped.
 
  The caption to the video is 273 exclamation marks, followed by #CaitVi.
 
  The comments display on screen, as if typed:
 
  @SilverFae 

  SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT—
 
  @SBVCBO
  
    
  
  Confirmed??????????????????????
 
  @Kraber (FORMALLY JailedCrow)
  
    
  
  @eggsbenny @medicawolfmoan GET IN HERE
 
  @isekai—cream

  Love is real 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
 
  @Fuck 💚

  i am so jaded i keep wanting to believe but its too close to call

  |

  @Fuck 💚
  
    
  
  WAIT THERES VIS TATTOO OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
  @immy

  Where were you the day that #CaitVi was confirmed besties
 
  @sarcast&amp;crew
  
    
  
  SOBBING SCREAMING CRYIGN THROWING UP SOBBING AGAIN I AM ON MY KNEES
 
  @lucyrnie
  
    
  
  since when do ppl on twitter care about hockey players dating
 
  @medicawolfmoan MERCH AVAILABLE NOW

  You can buy prints of this video on my website https://tinyurl.com/wolfmoan
  
  Its January, and Elora and Vi are sitting in Eloras living room, watching a horror movie while Vi rotates her phone over and over again in her big hands, staring absently at the screen as someone gets brutally and violently murdered. Elora isnt even pretending to watch the movie, is more content to watch Vis distraction, the fidgeting, quiet contemplation.
 
  Vi didnt really do love — not in Eloras experience. She did momentary attachment — she liked to pick out someone that intrigued her and try to get to know them, start up a flirty friendship that could result in some fast, strings free sex, and let them down easy and gentle. Shed developed away from the youngster that would bury her anger at her father and her disillusionment with fame in the thighs of any young fan, living closer to angry casual sex than anything healthy.
 
  They had a rare fight about that, when Vi was 22 and spiralling out, the last time her and Vander had spoken. Elora had told her that maturing was knowing that she wasnt well enough to inflict her anger on others — be it callous words or deeds. Vi had told her to stop trying to be her mother, a role Elora had never intentionally tried to fill. They both cooled off nightly and picked up the argument the next morning, on and on and on.
 
  At the end of it all, Vi had changed her ways, Elora had taken a step back from Vis personal life, and Vi had won the defensive forward of the year trophy.
 
  But the Vi on her couch, nearly ten years later, staring at the wall instead of the movie screen and lighting up whenever there was a text from a contact starting with C — this Vi did a great impression of someone in love. Elora wasnt one for it — love — but she could recognize the signs, the shape of it. It looked like a distraction, like every breath someone took was reserved for someone elses eyes.
 
  “So you dont want a trade anymore, Im guessing,” Elora said.
 
  Vi blinked, startled out of a memory to glance over at Elora, shaking her head mutely with a self—aimed smile.
 
  “Nah, Im good.”
 
  “It figures,” Elora said, “you know, youre lucky youre my only client because you take up an ungodly amount of my time. First you tease me with the prospect of finally figuring out what trading you would look like, set a real challenge in front of me — but at the cost of the best situation youve ever been in professionally.”
 
  “In my defense,” Vi began, but Elora shushed her.
 
  “Then,” Elora said, “just when I start going after the GMs to start knocking trees and figuring out values, I get a 
  
    very
  
   out of breath phone call telling me to hold up, slow the horses. Vis changed her mind.”
 
  “Can I speak?” Vi asked, laughing.
 
  “Whats her 
  
    name
  
  ,” Elora cooed, “your Zaunite flame that you need to stay here oh so badly for?”
 
  “Caitlyn,” Vi said, and then clapped a hand to her mouth.
 
  Elora froze. “Shut the fuck up.”
 
  Vi winced. “Im not sure how public we are yet.”
 
  “I wont tell a soul,” Elora murmured, “if you want it to not leak I can make sure it doesnt.”
 
  “Thanks. But yeah, we — uh, weve been—”
 
  “Hooking up for like six years, yes,” Elora waved a hand. Old news. “Im well aware of who the C in your contact list is, Vi.”
 
  “First of all, stop going through my phone, and second of all, more like a decade.”
 
  “Its your 
  
    work
  
   phone, Violet. We agreed that— wait. What? A decade?”
 
  “Oho,” Vi cawed, “the ever—knowing Elora doesnt know something. Yes, Elora. We hooked up rookie year.”
 
  Eloras jaw dropped. “So the entire time you were playing against each other and hating each other, you—”
 
  “—were fucking, yeah,” Vi said, warmly. “We were being really stupid about it.”
 
  Elora leaned back, popped some popcorn into her mouth, chewing on this information as much as the kernels. “I thought it was only the last six, since you stopped — you know, playing the field as much around then.”
 
  Vi hmmd. “Unrelated,” she muttered, then, “hey, have you ever considered taking on another client?”
 
  Elora tossed a piece of popcorn at Vis nose. “I just told you — youre too much work already.”
 
  “No, but seriously,” Vi continued, “you do a great job with me. Youve never pushed me, youre aggressive when you need to be, you take my shit and give it back. Youre hyper client focused. Why dont you take on more staff?”
 
  “I make enough of a percentage on your contracts to live comfortably.”
 
  “You could expand. Hire staff?”
 
  “That sounds annoying,” Elora said, “I prefer being a one woman show.”
 
  Vi shifted to look at her, eyes suddenly bright and serious. “Youre too smart to be kept to one person. Its amazing that youve done it this long. What if the client was a big enough name to make it worth hiring the help? Step away from managing me so closely, you know?”
 
  Elora eyed Vi; Vi eyed her back.
 
  “What gives?” Elora said, pausing the movie.
 
  “I just — I dunno,” Vi replied, “I wont be doing this forever. You need to take on younger talent who can get paid more. I dont want to leave you in the lurch if I get hurt again.”
 
  “Let me worry about me, Vi,” Elora soothed, “I do just fine.”
 
  “But thats just it. You do fine, but youre not living it large. You deserve to live it large — take Corey, Ahris agent. They handle five contracts — theyve been sniffing around Caitlyn, too.”
 
  “Corey would be a great fit,” Elora mused, and Vis eyebrows shot down in frustration, and Elora thought 
  
    gotcha
  
  .
 
  “You want 
  
    me
  
   to represent Caitlyn?”
 
  Vi shrugged.
 
  “Why?”
 
  Vi hesitated, and then said, “I just — shes unrepresented, clearly had a rough time in Piltover. I only know one person in the league whos agent has their 100% approval, and its me. Second place is Ahri with Corey, but Ahri complains that theyre nosey.”
 
  “You complain that 
  
    Im
  
   nosey,” Elora pointed out.
 
  “You are. Youre a huge pain in the ass, because thats what I need. I bet Caitlyn wouldnt give you half the shit I give you, so you could be something different for her. You tend to just be whatever you need to be to suit whoever youre talking to, and I think Caitlyn would really benefit from someone who cares as much as you do.”
 
  Elora watched Vi for a little longer, mulling over the merits in her mind. Caitlyn was one of the highest paid players in the league — the percentages on her and Vis contracts would set Elora up for life — not to mention the endorsements, the commercial deals.
 
  “So,” Elora began, “the problem, Vi, is that I dont solicit businesses from players.”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi said, “but you could make an exception.”
 
  “If Caitlyn wants an agent, Caitlyn can find an agent, and we can go through the proper fit procedures. When an agent—athlete relationship breaks down, its usually because its foundation is based on someone else calling the shots — I dont work that way.”
 
  Vi nodded, sighing. “I figured youd say that.”
 
  Elora tossed a kernel into her mouth, crunched at it idly. “Congratulations, by the way. You look happy.”
 
  “I am,” Vi murmured, smiling at her phone as she tapped at her keyboard. Elora watched for a few more moments before unpausing the film.
 
  
  

  “Im sorry to interrupt you, Jack,” Taylor said, reading from her phone with a hand out towards her cohost, “but I just got confirmation on the Akali thing.”
 
  “You— Oh. Oh my god.”
 
  “So—”
 
  “Thats huge.”
 
  “Yeah, so. Confirmed from sources — Akali, who weve heard rumblings from throughout the season about being unhappy on the War Horses — we think stemming from their decision to not protect Ahri, though we couldnt say.”
 
  “Couldnt verify it, yeah.”
 
  “But sources say that Akali has been traded to the Piltover Lone Stars.”
 
  “Oh my god.”
 
  “Now, we dont know,” Taylor continued, “what the War Horses are getting in return, but we imagine itll be a few draft picks.”
 
  “Picks, probably a player or two — the War Horses are in contention so it cant be a bag of pucks.”
 
  “This is so shocking to me, because, like — we knew the War Horses were 
  
    loaded
  
   on skaters. We knew that the Ahri thing didnt really affect them as much as we were predicting because their forwards went so deep into their bench, and that team is well coached, well disciplined — they dont make a move like this unless they know they can keep their 4th seed.”
 
  “Great trade for the Lone Stars,” Jack mused, “they add much needed scoring to their team, add a veteran. But things with the War Horses mustve really gotten bad for Akali to demand out.”
 
  “Yeah, thats the only logical conclusion I can make. Okay, we have word on what the Horses are getting back — looks like Raffi Cadoukian, a 2023 draft pick, and a 2024 draft pick.”
 
  “Blockbuster trade,” Jack says, “that seems like a better deal for the War Horses than the Lone Stars, though — this draft has Zeri in it, and Akalis contract expires this year so she can just leave Piltover come free agency.”
 
  “Wow, huge. So this is a pretty big league shakeup, and clearly states that the command from the ownership of the Piltover Lone Stars is to make the playoffs. Theyre right on the fringe — theyre currently a ninth seed — and maybe Akali is the edge they need to get over the hump.”
 
  “Its such a risky move to add someone of Akalis skill level to a team this late in the season just to maybe make the playoffs. Do they think they can make a run with the pieces they have if they sneak in as an 8th or 7th seed?”
 
  “Time will tell. I know Piltover is used to winning, and the rumour mill says that ownership isnt happy with their image of late — especially not with Caitlyn Kiramman finding success immediately. If I had to guess, itd be a desperate front office and coaching staff trying to keep their jobs with one more playoff run.”
 
  “Well, here you heard it, folks. Akali is now a Piltover Lone Star, and this just made that conference a little more intriguing.”
  
  On February 21st, the official start date of the All Star break, Elora drove Vi to the airport, bid her a good vacation, and drove back to her office to make one of three important phone calls.
 
  The first was to the League office, to inquire about contracts held between 2008 and 2022 on the Piltover Lone Stars. When asked for her reasoning behind it, she told them it was market research. Not entirely a lie — she was certainly researching a market — but she didnt tell them that she was finally making good on her promise to Amara outside of Vis disciplinary hearing. Now that she had waited an appropriate amount of time, now that Amara had likely written Elora off as someone who was all talk and no bite, Elora viewed it as an optimal time to strike.
 
  People like Amara didnt get more careful with age. They got arrogant. They got lazy. They got so compliant and easy to hoodwink that they would make mistakes, leave trails. Vi had said something in January about how Caitlyn mustve had a bad experience with her agent, and that was good enough for Elora to start doing some snooping.
 
  Call it professional curiosity. Call it vindictive behaviour. Elora was fine with either label.
 
  The second phone call was to Corey — a professional friend of Eloras. Corey valued hard work, valued shit talk, and knew how to get their clients paid — all things Elora valued in people she trusted in the industry. Corey took the list of names that Elora gave them without comment, and Elora knew that theyd get back to her within the hour.
 
  The third phone call was actually a return phone call — to Caitlyn Kiramman.
 
  “I apologise,” Elora began when Caitlyn had said her hellos, “I realise that this might be an awkward time, since I assume you and Vi are about to start your vacation.”
 
  “Im leaving tomorrow,” Caitlyn replied, “I had a media obligation today and Vi had already completed hers. Shes getting the room ready for us.”
 
  There it was again, Elora mused, the distracted 
  
    thing
  
   that love tended to manifest as. She wondered if either of them knew.
 
  “I was surprised to get your phone call,” Elora continued, “as I wasnt sure you were in the market for an agent. Youve gone un—represented for some time.”
 
  “I wanted to make sure that I was ready,” Caitlyn said, “I had a poor experience with my last agency, and it wasnt something I intended to repeat. But Vi has good taste in people and speaks very highly of you.”
 
  “I can say the same about her,” Elora said fondly, “I love that woman like a sister.”
 
  There was a beat. “You drive each other crazy,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “
  
    So
  
   crazy,” Elora laughed, “but we trust each other, too.”
 
  “Thats very evident,” Caitlyn replied, “Im looking to take control of my career for the last phase of it. I want to find a way to never move again, to stay where Im comfortable, and to make no apologies for doing so. Do you think you could make that happen for me?”
 
  “Everyone will say that they can,” Elora answered, “but tell me what that looks like. First thing that pops into your head — what do you want right now.”
 
  “An extension,” Caitlyn replied firmly, “I never want to leave the Sumprats. I want to play here until I retire.”
 
  Elora looked out at the Zaun sunrise, the frigid air creeping up her windows, gently caressing the glass as the heat from inside battled to escape. As she watched, her cell phone buzzed — a text from Corey with the answers to all of her questions about Amara, the skeletons that the old bag was far too proud to bury properly.
 
  “Lets start there,” Elora said to Caitlyn, “and see where were at.”




  
  Tys lips were shaking, hands quaking when he received the number — written on the back of a GetJinxed productions business card, in swirling, sparkly pink pen.
 
  “I — will she believe me?” Ty asked, looking up at the blonde woman — Lux — who manned the camera, now crouched in front of him, a box of tissues in the hand that hadnt offered him her card.
 
  “She will,” the blonde said, smiling gently, “but only if you want to reach out, Ty. Shes smart, and capable, and she knows what you went through — shes dealt with it before.”
 
  Ty wiped an errant tear from his cheek, sniffling, letting out a watery laugh. “Im sorry,” he said, laughing wetly, “I know that you didnt ask me here to get me breaking down about some stupid team dynamic.”
 
  “Its not stupid,” the blonde said gently, “you were hurt. Nobody gets to talk about it without your permission — but I think calling her will help you. Shed want to hear from you. She might be able to help.”
 
  “I just—” Ty started, choked a sob, exhaled through wobbly lips, “I just feel alone — it felt like I was isolated, like I couldnt escape.”
 
  “I know,” the blonde soothed, “thats what abusers and manipulators do — make you feel like you have no choice.”
 
  “She wont mind?” Ty asked.
 
  “She wont mind,” the blonde confirmed gently.
 
  Ty flipped the card around, looked at the number, at the name scrawled beneath it.
 
  Caitlyn Kiramman.
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  March Part One: Acadia
 
  “Ones dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.” ― Michael J. Fox

  
  
  

  Out in the hallway, there was a do not disturb sign on the door of the hotel room.
 
  Just inside, chaos reigned. Their clothing was an easy to follow trail from the door of their lavish hotel suite to the bed — on risers in the middle of the room, a large four poster that offered up all sorts of interesting possibilities — interspersed with grains of white sand that had clung to their feet stubbornly even after theyd rinsed. The order of the trail was predictable — two shirts, two sets of bras, a pair of bikini bottoms followed by a set of board shorts. They were arranged as if tossed, two bodies meeting between them, arranged in a blast zone of lack of time and attention.
 
  The bed was messy — mussed and torn apart, the comforter a defeated crumpled mess at the side of the bed, the sheet clinging to one corner. A single pillow had survived, situated in the middle of the bed, the indents of a body crushing onto it still present, telltale.
 
  The trail to the bathroom was less easy to perceive — a hand towel carelessly tossed to the side of the bathroom door, the door itself ajar and slowly creaking open with the force of something slammed against it, the bathroom mirror with twin handprints on it, the sink with a line where a waist was bent over it.
 
  The shower was running — a big glass thing with sparkling metallic faucets, steam slowly rising from within. Every now and again, something rubbed against the glass walls — an elbow, a hand, a breast.
 
  A guttural moan erupted from the steam, a 
  
    god, fuck, Vi
  
   echoing from within the cloud.
  
  Afterwards, when room service was ordered and the bed organised in a halfass fashion — enough anyways for Caitlyn and Vi to stretch out on it to shovel food into their mouths at a breakneck speed — Caitlyn exhaled loudly, flipped her wet hair out of her face, and looked at Vi.
 
  “I havent had a vacation in god knows how long.”
 
  Vi smirked. “No time when were chasing glory.”
 
  “Very true,” Caitlyn said, sighing and leaning back, her gaze becoming more of a watchful stare. “You look good like this.”
 
  Vi raised an eyebrow, glancing down at her nude form, and back to Caitlyn. “I should hope so.”
 
  “Not just naked,” Caitlyn replied, laughing, “relaxed. You look happy.”
 
  “I am,” Vi said, smiling. “This was such a good idea.”
 
  Caitlyn hummed, reached out to shift some hair away from Vis forehead. Vi closed her eyes at the touch, leaned a little closer, and the simple gesture became Caitlyn slowly running her hands through Vis silky hair, already dried from the shower as her fingers flexed to slowly scratch.
 
  The last four days had been exactly what shed needed —both the distance and the sunshine. After opening up almost all of her old wounds and bleeding in front of Vi, physically leaving the space behind had helped her recalibrate, focus on what was important. Hockey, sure — the RHL wasnt a space where you could afford to take time off, even if it was just to be in your feelings — but more than that was focusing on herself, her parents.
 
  Talking with Elora had solidified something — knowing that Elora couldve been her agent from the very beginning, if she and her mother hadnt been seduced by Amaras fancy office, promise of transportation, guaranteed sponsorship deals and in roads and relationships with every GM she could name. Amaras desk was full of framed photos of her shaking hands with the rich and famous — movie stars, news anchors, RHL legends.
 
  Elora had worn a suit that looked a little too small, had spoken clearly and precisely, had offered a modest promise of her own work ethic and little else.
 
  Caitlyn had been fully hoodwinked by the image of being a star. A star 
  
    hockey
  
   player, just like Grayson had been. As always, Vi had seen what was important, and hired Elora.
 
  But now, like so much else in her professional life, shed fixed the glitch, corrected the problem. Later than she shouldve, but better late than never. Elora immediately had gotten to work building out a flow map for her, talking about her options in the offseason, discussed the possibility of negotiating no—trade clauses, in case the GMs changed in between seasons, keeping the contract flexible and long—term in case the Sumprats soured and Caitlyn would need to move teams.
 
  The Sumprats, Elora had cautioned, were a franchise in the RHL — and even though it was good, stable, and family now, situations changed all the time — money ran out, people got desperate, trades got made, people got fired.
 
  “Its less the sweater,” Caitlyn had said in response, “its more of the citys vibes. I really feel embraced here.”
 
  “And well do our best to keep you that way,” Elora had replied — Elora, she was learning quickly, had a reply to everything — “but that, too, can change. Fans grow up and new generations come in — just look at social media. Changed the way we watch sports forever. Now you can tweet at Grayson while paying for bananas.”
 
  Caitlyn had done her media appearance, had flown to the Summer Isles as soon as she had a sliver of free time, and had texted Powder:
 
  
    All clear, happy digging.
  
 
  The thumbs up she got in response was at once terrifying and emboldening — the promise she kept to herself, the promise that she wasnt going to run anymore, filling her breastbone with the bravery that shed lacked for years. It allowed her to kiss Vi in the lobby of their hotel room, in full view of several people with cell phone cameras, and not care — not care about the consequences, or the rash decision making, or the implication that she had 
  
    someone
  
   in her life now—  someone she cared about.
 
  She lay in the bed with the taste of room service on her tongue and Vis eyes filling her vision and felt happy, cared for.
 
  “You should know my ideas are always good by now,” Caitlyn teased.
 
  Vi stretched, relaxing against the pillows, her bicep flexing as she scratched at her shoulder idly. “Sex in the SUV was a bad idea.”
 
  “Youre the one who bought it for the leg room,” Caitlyn immediately said, “and you seemed confident itd work.”
 
  “The commentators of our game that night thought I had sustained a lower body injury,” Vi muttered, “when it was a bruise from your bony knees.”
 
  Caitlyn pressed one of the knees into the bed, swinging her other leg over Vi to straddle her lap, mock offended. Vis hands curled around her waist automatically, a small smile on her face — scarred lip curling her lips to make it catlike, secretive. Caitlyns comeback died in her mouth as she brought her hands to either side of Vis face, cupping her cheeks as she let her eyes roam Vi, roam the face that she thought about — had thought about, in some form or another, for twelve years, a constant simmering in the back of her head.
 
  Vi and Caitlyn had appeared on so many posters, squaring off against one another, sticks in hand. Caitlyn on the ice with her arms raised as Vi looked dejected, Vi mid—hit with Caitlyns legs flying out from underneath her, Vi sneering something to Caitlyn, Caitlyn looking on impassively. So many instances of the league writing their story, laying it out for them, shaping and forcing a narrative of hated, bitter rivals.
 
  Caitlyn had never hated Vi. She had been exasperated with her, angry at her, but mostly shed just appreciated her. Wanted more from her.
 
  Caitlyn held Vis face in her hands, running her thumbs over Vis cheeks, and Vi watched her back, understanding the moment, appreciating it in turn. When their mouths met, it was a slow thing, a steady thing — absent the heat of their past few hours working over the surfaces of their room.
 
  It was a slow, tender, beautiful thing.
  
  Powder sits across from Silco, and Silco sits across from powder, and theres a stubborn silence that permeates the entire hotel room as Powder idly flips a piece of paper back and forth, painted nails flashing in the camera lens as she reads from it. Her posture is relaxed and lounging, an easy pose that displays how long all of her limbs are despite her slight stature. Silco, in contrast, is stiff and unyielding — legs straight, hands folded in his lap, glare unblinking towards Powder.
 
  Powder finally lets the pages fall against the clipboard, then gestures to Silco.
 
  “Do you know who I am?”
 
  Silco sneers. “A documentarian.”
 
  “An excellent documentarian, yeah,” Powder says, “but you can call me Jinx. Were making a documentary about your team — the team you bought, fought for, built an arena for, and, puzzlingly, wont make any public appearances about. I wonder why that is.”
 
  “The product speaks for itself.”
 
  “Does it,” Powder muses, “according to the security guards outside of your private box, you havent attended a game. Not a hockey fan?”
 
  “Not especially,” Silco says, “it was a means to an end.”
 
  “What end was that?” Powder asks.
 
  “Where is this going?” Silco asks in response.
 
  “Youll find out if youd answer the question, boss,” Powder replies. “Why would a non—hockey fan buy a hockey team?”
 
  “I was filling a need for a community.” Silco says.
 
  Powder drums her fingers against her clipboard, and points at Silco. “Filling a need. Thats very good, boss. Thats very, very good. So youd consider yourself a charitable person.”
 
  “I am,” Silco says.
 
  “One of the major pushers of the reparations act on Zauns side — according to the transcripts, you and Cassandra Kiramman really really made headway on the money, huh? It mustve been amazing to have her on your side.”
 
  “Councillor Kiramman and I didnt see eye to eye,” Silco says, “on most things, but we agreed that Zaun deserved its share. I saw no reason to make her an enemy.”
 
  “Make her an enemy,” Powder muses, “what an odd and supervillain thing to say. So you champion the reparations, really push for positive change, and as soon as theyre collected, you — what, decide, hey — hockey team sounds real good right about now.”
 
  “Mel Medarda is more than capable of filling in this side of the story,” Silco says, frustrated.
 
  “Im not asking Mel Medarda,” Powder says, “Ive already asked Mel Medarda. Im asking you.”
 
  “I dont want to answer the question,” Silco says, and Powder suddenly lunges forwards, peering at Silco with wide, crystal blue eyes.
 
  “I know,” Powder intones, sympathy in her voice, “but youre going to, arent you?”
 
  Silco shifts in his seat — a movement that Powder darts her gaze too, eagle eyed, keying in on his every movement.
 
  “I had a partner for a few years,” Silco says, “a hockey coach in his spare time who ran a bar downtown. He knew quite a few people in Zaun through his business dealings on the Zaun Business Bureau, and he also had some access to capitol. He wanted to go into business together, but the funds were to be used only for the procurement of a hockey team in Zaun.”
 
  “Ah,” Powder says, “so you had to go into the hockey business to get access to it.”
 
  “Yes,” Silco says testily, “but I dont know what that has to do with the documents you threatened me with.”
 
  “How much money was it?”
 
  “A few million.”
 
  “Oh,” Powder says, confused, “thats not a lot of money in the grand scheme of owning a hockey team. Where did you get the rest of it?”
 
  “Partnerships,” Silco says, “my own business dealings.”
 
  Powder waits a beat. “Interesting,” she says, “considering that your name isnt registered in the Zaun Business Bureau.”
 
  “I buy and sell goods,” Silco says, “there never was a reason to register there.”
 
  “You must buy and sell a lot of goods,” Powder says, “since the price to expand into Zaun was close to 500 million dollars.”
 
  “Im prolific,” Silco replies, “and Im independently wealthy.”
 
  “I see,” Powder says, “so you take a 51% stake in the Zaun Sumprats, and you have partners that make up the other 49%, including this hockey coach?”
 
  “No,” Silco says, “he tragically passed away a few years ago.”
 
  “Im sorry for your loss,” Powder says, “what was his name? We can put his name in the special thanks section — as a special acknowledgement.”
 
  Silcos mouth goes taut and angry when he says, “his name was Vander.”
 
  Powder clicks a pen she produces from her ear, writes something on her clipboard, and shows no other expression.
  
  “Can I have an autograph?” a sunburnt man with a pot belly asked as Vi and Caitlyn were lounging on two beach towels, the sun high in the sky and baking the sunscreen into their skin. Caitlyn was wearing large sunglasses and a big floppy hat — Vi wore a Sumprats ballcap tugged over her eyes.
 
  Vi sat up using her elbows, squinting up at the man — standing with two smaller boys behind him, staring wide eyed at the two hockey superstars.
 
  “You a Sumprats fan?” Vi asked, accepting his offered pen and napkin, bending one leg to write on a stable surface.
 
  “I think you guys are my second favourite team,” the father said, “but Im actually an Ironfists fan. My boys and I were crushed to hear you werent protected.”
 
  “Aw, you guys will be fine,” Vi said, handing the napkin back and smiling, “youve got a hell of a front office. Great fans in Ionia — I really felt welcomed there.”
 
  Caitlyn watched the exchange out of the corner of her eye, pretending to be dozed off. The father, to his credit, seemed to be reluctant to bother her, respecting the fact that she was on vacation.
 
  “I hope so,” the father said.
 
  “Can I get one from your friend, too?” one of the boys spoke up, face stealing over with heat. “If shes not busy.”
 
  “Girlfriend,” Caitlyn corrected gently, and then turned her head to smile at the kids, “do you guys have another napkin?”
 
  It was produced immediately as Caitlyn rose to sit cross legged — Vi rose too, producing her back for Caitlyn to write on.
 
  “So this whole thing worked out for you, huh?” the father said. “The whole All—Star break cancellation stuff.”
 
  Vi shrugged. “End of February is a great time to get out of Zaun. It turns into a hellscape.”
 
  “A little rest and relaxation,” Caitlyn murmured, finished writing 
  
    Caitlyn Kiramman, 33
  
   on the napkin and handing it to the two kids. “Now, dont let anyone tell you what to do with these, boys. Theyre yours.”
 
  The kids nodded eagerly, scurried away.
 
  “Thank you guys so much,” the father said, “Im just — such a big fan.”
 
  “Thanks,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “Always a pleasure, yeah,” Vi said, as the man backed away. The beach was full of interested parties now — heads turned their direction as the two women lay back down on their towels to continue catching rays.
 
  “Secrets out,” Caitlyn murmured.
 
  “Im pretty sure the hotel staff had us rumbled the second we walked in.”
 
  Caitlyn cracked an eye open to watch a younger looking couple whisper to each other, gesturing to them lying shoulder to shoulder. Caitlyns fingers crept downwards to link with Vis, startling Vi lightly. Vis fingers curled around Caitlyns, and they lay there in the warmth, the sea drying on their skin.
  
  “Those are merely rumours,” Silco says.
 
  “You say rumours,” Powder says, “I say eyewitness accounts. But we can quibble over details later — the point is, theres some discussion about you being less than reputable as a businessman, namely that your product to buy and sell is a banned substance.”
 
  “I didnt come here to answer outlandish questions,” Silco snaps, “who do you think you are?”
 
  “Well get to that,” Powder says, “and I didnt ask an outlandish question. What I asked is how someone with such a reputation gets to be one of the head negotiators for reparations when there were other politicians who were up for the task.”
 
  “Life is about who you know,” Silco says, “and I never said that gaining power was easy. Sometimes you need to get your hands dirty. The city of Zaun — god bless it — knew that they needed someone who was willing to stand up to tyranny. That someone is me.”
 
  Powder cackles, erupting in a series of giggling snorts as she clutches her stomach and rolls forwards. Silco watches her laugh with an ever increasing anger on his face.
 
  “Sorry, so sorry,” Powder says, wiping a tear from her eye, “Ive been doing this for so long and  — Gods, it really never ceases to amaze me what sort of shit you arrogant rich types come up with. Standing up to tyranny — thats a good one.”
 
  “Thats why I was invited,” Silco sneers, “its true. Piltover put the poison in our lakes, ruined a generation, condemned us to stunted growth and slow deaths. They were tyrants, fiends, and they needed to be stopped.”
 
  “By a drug lord,” Powder says, “the only man for the job.”
 
  “Im not a drug lord,” Silco says, “but I am a hard man, and Zaun needed hard men.”
 
  “Now thats a tag line,” Powder says, “for a different movie.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “So,” Powder forges forwards, “you help negotiate reparations, are one of the Zaunite sides people on the ground floor of the reparation project, you go toe to toe with Cassandra Kiramman. After that, you presumably get paid for working on it, use that funds — and your partnerships with other people — to bid for, win, and purchase a hockey team to place right here in Zaun.”
 
  “Thats correct,” Silco says.
 
  “Because if it isnt a hockey team, you dont get the few million that your partner set aside for you.”
 
  “Thats correct,” Silco says.
 
  Powder drums her pen onto her clipboard. “That doesnt add up to me, Silco.”
 
  “I dont see how thats my problem.”
 
  “Oh, well, allow me to grant you vision,” Powder replies, “because if you had the majority of 251 million dollars — the price point for 51% of the team — why would you care about a few million?”
 
  Silco smiles. “Every penny counts when making a business decision.”
 
  “You couldve bought a football team — theyre going for 400 million. You and your partners couldve been front row seats to the Zaun Bicycle Kickers or what have you. Lacrosse is going for 250 million a team nowadays — heck, if you just wanted an investment in a sport you didnt care about that will just print money, you couldve sponsored an e—sports team. But you chose hockey, specifically because — your words — you didnt get the funds, a few million from a dead partner, if you didnt choose hockey.”
 
  Silco remains icily silent.
 
  “Unless,” Powder says, “of course, you 
  
    didnt
  
   have the money, and needed the few million for a down payment. Unless you 
  
    found
  
   a way to get the remaining funds somewhere else, to turn your little stance against the tyrants — again, your stupid words — into a way to make a legitimate businessman out of yourself.”
 
  Silco continues to be silent, his glare glittering, diamond hard.
 
  “I actually agree with you,” Powder says, softly, “with one thing youve said. Life is about who you know, and let me tell you — finally — who I am. I made a documentary about shipping lanes called Wooden Horses to expose the labour violations that the executives got away with for decades. I made a documentary about the Bangle City name change because I wanted to illustrate how the politicians were getting rich over what amounted to squatters rights. I made a documentary about the Zaun graffiti scene because I wanted to explore why graffiti art being treated as a crime is, itself, criminal. And now Im here, making a documentary about the Sumprats.”
 
  “So youre an idealist,” Silco says, sneering.
 
  “Oh, no,” Powder laughs, “no, thats my girlfriend. But I do like to stand up to 
  
    tyrants
  
  . Anyways, my point: Wooden Horses saw a dozen executives lose their jobs and labour unions flood the market. Firelight saw graffiti art reduced in criminal sentencing. Bangle City saw the mass expulsions of political figures.”
 
  Powder pauses, shuffles forwards on her chair, and glares — for the first time — since the interview began. “I wonder what theyll do about 
  
    you
  
  .”
  
  The door slammed to their hotel room door, and Caitlyn poked her head around the bathroom door quizzically, checking the time on her phone as she brushed her hair out. Shed sent Vi out to get lunch fifteen minutes ago — they had woken up too late for breakfast — and it felt like she had been gone way, way too long.
 
  Their days at the resort were an even split between eating delicious food, swimming and hanging out at the beach, and fucking so furiously that they had recieved two different noise complaints — the latter coming with a complimentary room upgrade to the honeymoon suite.
 
  Vi had done nothing but laugh as the resort staff moved all of their belongings, carrying most of their luggage herself, pink eared and grinning constantly. Caitlyn, in contrast, had tipped them all furiously — including and especially the cleaning staff. The embarrassment didnt stop them from experimenting with the honeymoon suite to see if they could elicit another noise complaint.
 
  Turns out, it was damn near soundproof.
 
  Last night they had experimented with Vis praise kink — and her excitement at being ignored —  having her kneeling beneath Caitlyns legs with her face and hands furiously working at Caitlyns pussy while Caitlyn browsed social media and pretended to be utterly unaffected. There, shed seen her and Vi — the #CaitVi tag trending for the second straight day — plastered all over Twitter, their chaste and shy kiss at the beach having been retweeted close to a million times. She also saw some hashtags about a scandal, but she promptly tabbed over to some relaxing articles, determined to not pierce this little bubble that her and Vi found themselves in.
 
  They had exhausted each other after that, Caitlyn discovering how much Vi liked being led around with yanks on her hair, Caitlyn also discovering how much she liked being lifted up and supported with her back to a wall — a rare treat for someone of her height.
 
  But now, the door had slammed, and Caitlyn heard the squeaking of the bed as Vis weight hit it, the gentle bounce.
 
  “Vi?” Caitlyn called, and a slurred 
  
    muh
  
  ? came from the raised bed. Caitlyn hesitated, stepping around the doorway to pull a brush through her hair over and over again.
 
  “You dont have any food,” Caitlyn said, disappointed, stomach growling.
 
  “They had bottomless,” Vi murmured, “Pina Coladas.”
 
  Caitlyn paused, and then broke into a wide grin.
 
  “Violet Wickett, are you wasted at 11:30am?”
 
  “Smy vacation,” Vi mumbled as Caitlyn laughed.
 
  “How many Pina Coladas did you have?”
 
  “Id rather not say.”
 
  “You were gone for 15 minutes — more than five?”
 
  “...yes,” Vi grumbled.
 
  “Less than 10?”
 
  Vi didnt answer and Caitlyn cackled.
 
  “Youre so cute,” Caitlyn said, running an idle hand through Vis pink locks as Vi growled and nudged into the touch, a needy cat for a moment that had Caitlyn laughing again, slowly cupping Vis cheek with her hand.
 
  “You keep holding my face,” Vi muttered, squeezing Caitlyns hip, “snew.”
 
  “Im just…” Caitlyn began, hesitated, and pushed through, “Im just admiring you. Youre so gorgeous, Vi.”
 
  “Hmph,” Vi grunted, but squeezed Caitlyns hip and smiled. “I forgot to get lunch.”
 
  “I know you did,” Caitlyn replied, “shall I go get us some?”
 
  “I can come with ya,” Vi muttered, “Ill just walk stupid.”
 
  “Let me get dressed,” Caitlyn responded, kissing Vis cheek and releasing her to flop back against the bed.
  
  “But lets talk about you and yours,” Powder says, “thats why youre here, illustrious owner.”
 
  “Just get on with it,” Silco says.
 
  “Get on with what?”
 
  “Your baseless accusations. If you think you can just bring me in here to stab at me with accusations of being crooked, youve got another thing coming. Ill have my lawyers suing you before I leave this room.”
 
  “You can,” Powder allows, “its a free Runeterra. Many have tried — but fortunately, I have enough evidence to credibly accuse you. You know, the ironic thing is that if you had just agreed to the first interview, you might not have been in this position — Lux emailed you for a fluff piece, just a few soundbites to prove you were on board. When you ghosted us, I got curious.”
 
  Powder finally flipped a page on her clipboard, crosses  one leg over her knee while Silco watches her.
 
  “I could just leave,” Silco snarls.
 
  “The doors that way,” Powder gestures, “now, lets circle back to the timing of these events. First, you put a down payment to hold the Zaun Sumprats spot in the RHL, then you need to prove — within one calendar year — that you have the funds to take the whole team. You need to come up with $500 million as well as the funds to build the stadium — the team needs a place to go.”
 
  Powder pulls a sheet of paper from the clipboard, hands it to Silco. As she does so, the image appears on the screen so the viewer can read along — the blueprints for The Last Drop, as of 2019. 
 
  “Careful — thats the only copy we have of these and we need to scan them later. Thats the stadium costs and projections that say that it wont be done before 2023 — lack of funds to hire a proper ground breaking crew and specialists. Now, obviously, this timeline wont work for you. Further…”
 
  Powder pulls a second sheet of paper and hands it to Silco, which also appears on the screen beside the two — an account of money from multiple investors, titled Investment Groups For Sumprats Acquisition. Highlighted in red on the two documents are the shortfall required to be covered between them in order to have the stadium ready 
  
    and 
  
  the team bought on time for the deadline — 66.5 million dollars.
 
  “Your investment sheet has no more money for improving the speed at which the stadium is built. You need it for the 2022—2023 season, and if you pull from the investment group, you wont have enough to buy the team. Zaun as a city already rejected the idea of building a stadium using taxpayer money, so what is a morally bankrupt human being do?”
 
  Powder pulls a third piece of paper — this time a project road map for the Reparation Project, including payouts for the city of Zaun, the funds that go into the clean drinking water restoration, the maintenance costs and medical care expenses for those affected by the poison runoffs.
 
  “You timed it perfectly,” Powder says, “the third year of the water cleanup — just after the water becomes potable again. The project was intended to improve the water, but you didnt care about that — the citizens had been paid, so thered be no public outcry. Relations between Zaun and Piltover were irrevocably damaged — you saw to that with your campaign during the negotiations.”
 
  “I promise to fight against Tyranny,” Silco says in grainy footage, a speech to the gathered people of Zaun who are mourning their sick and dying at the hands of the chemical runoff, “and I promise that these Piltovian scum do not want to pay us — but I will pry what were owed from their cold, dead hands if need be.”
 
  “So,” Powder says, back in the interview room, “you use your sources inside the Zaunite political machine to reach your hands back into the reparation fund.”
 
  The roadmap on the screen also gets highlighted in red — the cost of improving the water supply, improving roads between Zaun and Piltover, and general infrastructure upgrades the reparations would cover is highlighted as 71 million dollars.
 
  “Now,” Powder says, pulling a fourth and final page from her clipboard, “heres the 2020 projections for the Last Drop.”
 
  Displayed on the screen — from the 2019 blueprint to the 2020 blueprint, the design appears to be totally covered, including some additional features added. The total cost upgrade was 70 million dollars more — fully paid for.
 
  Silco holds the pages limply, frowning down at them, his lip curling.
 
  “You,” Powder says, “are not interested in any way, shape, or form with the safety and security of the people of this city. They just provided you with an opportunity. I have an entry in a journal from Vander — the name was written since 2016. Which means that youve planned this for at least that long. From the beginning, you wanted to steal from your own city for your personal gain.”
 
  “I delivered them hockey,” Silco defends.
 
  “You stole water, Silco,” Powder replies, “you stole life. You did it to be rich, to avoid scrutiny, and you did in style. And you almost got away with it, except for signing off on a random documentary crew hired by your general manager.”
 
  Silco glares back at the papers, and says, softly, “you said these are the only copies?”
 
  Powder hesitates, eyes widening, and reaches towards Silco — but its too late. Silcos fingers are a blur of activity as he shreds them into tiny little triangles, eyes wide, nostrils bulging as he rips, and tears, and obliterates the only evidence Powder and Lux have.
  
  On the fifth day on the isles, Caitlyn convinced Vi to wake up at eight in the morning, book a couple of bikes, and ride along the coast. They dressed in biking shorts and crop tops, their sun kissed skin and athletic bodies shining with sweat as they pumped their legs and worked their arms along the winding bike trails across the coast, the gentle inclines and declines of the small hills.
 
  They stopped for pictures, and they stopped for kisses. Picture stops involved them taking turns posing in front of landscapes and trying to extend their hands far enough to get both of them in the shot for selfies. Caitlyn usually wound up commandeering the camera, utilising her longer reach and greater flexibility to capture the way the blue of the ocean behind them enhanced Vis ice blue stare, the twinkling of mischief in her eyes.
 
  Kissing stops always was predicated by some lie one of them made as a reason to stop — shoelace fumbles or strap adjustments or Vi seeing a tiger (“I swear, Cait,” Vi panted after their mouths separated, “it was a real good looking 
  
    pussy
  
  .”). Whenever they halted theyd stare at each other, keeping each other at arms length and letting their eyes wander around each others forms, the rippling upper torso, defined abs, relaxed and happy look.
 
  When they were back in Zaun, they had a hard time keeping their hands off of one another, but it was contained to bursts of energy behind closed doors — experimentation that was strictly kept behind closed doors. But here, with the two of them radiating happiness, they found the problem worsened. Here, they raced to see who could get each other off first on a secluded lookout where they could watch boats with white sails drifting off of the coast. Here, Vi pressed a kiss against Caitlyns bare thigh under the water when they dove down for a quick dip to wash the sweat off of their bodies from the biking.
 
  They stopped and watched a play in town — a story about old Runeterra, about the foundational backbone of their constitution. It turned out to be a musical — a surprisingly adept musical with a hip—hop inspired soundtrack and period accurate costumes. Caitlyn was surprised to feel herself emotional by the end — but even more surprised to see Vi wiping away tears.
 
  “I hate history class so much,” Vi ranted later, “but now Im going to spend real Runeterra dollars on some autobiography of a dead dude.”
 
  “A dead dude that raps in your head,” Caitlyn said, “and it made you cry.”
 
  “I do not understand people sometimes,” Vi grumbled.
 
  They got ice cream at a local shop, with a shopkeeper who was big and heavily accented and scooped their dessert like they had deeply offended her. After Vi started some gentle probing, she revealed that she was an Assassins fan and that she was practising for the playoffs.
 
  “Do not be nice to me,” she said, “beautiful couple, wonderful tippers — but if you nice to me then I cannot hate you in playoff.”
 
  “Well, Ill leave my garbage on the table for you to clean up,” Vi assured.
 
  “Yes. Good start. Enjoy ice cream.”
 
  Their time back to the resort was much lazier than their frantic pace had been in the morning, lots of coasting down hills and talking. They talked about their childhoods — Caitlyn more than Vi, as Vi still seemed hesitant to talk about Vander and Powder, and Caitlyn wanted to give her the room she deserved, the room she needed — talked about the greatest players of all time (Grayson for Caitlyn, Zac for Vi) talked about movies and sports and anime (Vi had an eclectic and extensive knowledge of 90s anime, Caitlyn was delighted to discover) and video games.
 
  Vi specifically seemed curious about video games, asked Caitlyn what she mostly played (Fighting games and shooters) if thats what Caitlyn did when she went into her office for a few hours when Vi had meetings (yes) and whether Caitlyn would teach her. Caitlyn hedged, saying that she was internationally ranked and had a tendency to impatience, but knew of some cooperative games that they could learn together.
 
  Vi then tripled down and asked if Caitlyn has ever had her pussy eaten when shes competed in a tournament, and Caitlyn nearly fell off her bike.
 
  “This whole ignoring you thing goes deep, huh?”
 
  “Just with you,” Vi said, shrugging, “I think its because you were so like, aloof for a while. You and your red dress.”
 
  “Oh?” Caitlyn asked, and the interest in her tone made Vis eyes widen, as did the slow smile creeping across Caitlyns face unintentionally.
 
  “Yeah,” Vi murmured, and biked a little closer to grin — shyly, Caitlyn realised — at her, “I couldnt take my eyes off of your back.”
 
  “So,” Caitlyn said, “your ideal scenario is you beneath my desk while I wear my red dress and play video games, paying no attention to you?”
 
  “Stop,” Vi whispered teasingly, “I can only get so wet.”
 
  “Ill need to see if I can make some arrangements,” Caitlyn mused.
 
  “By the way,” Vi said, seriously, “this has been such a good day. Thank you for suggesting it.”
 
  “I told you,” Caitlyn smiled, “my ideas are always great.”
  
  Silco sits, the shredded paper all around him, in silence. Powder sits on the edge of her seat, hands gripping the arms as if she were going to launch herself towards him.
 
  “Now you have nothing,” Silco says, and Powders glare turns soft before a slow, inching smile creeps across her lips.
 
  “You didnt honestly believe,” Powder says, “that that was our 
  
    only
  
   copy, did you?”
 
  Silco frowns.
 
  “Silco, buddy,” Powder says, “I emailed you 
  
    pdf
  
   files. Did you seriously buy that trick? Im so disappointed.”
 
  “Wait,” Silco starts.
 
  “Lux said youd buy it. I had a whole other elaborate plan to trick you into providing credibility to the claim but Lux said I bet hes dumb enough to just try to destroy evidence on camera. She said that because recently we had someone on a phone call forget that he was being recorded — she says you two have the same energy, and believe me, thats not complimentary.”
 
  “Just because I ripped it up,” Silco tries, “that doesnt mean I was threatened by it, or make it true.”
 
  “Oh, sure,” Powder says, waving a hand, “you probably just ripped it up because you felt the moment called for confetti.”
 
  “No,” Silco hisses, “I just didnt want these lies posted about me somewhere.”
 
  “Well, then wouldnt you destroy the 
  
    camera
  
  , and not the paper?” Powder points out. “And just in case youre tempted, this is live uploaded to a server — destroying the camera just makes you liable for replacing it.”
 
  “What do you want?” Silco asks.
 
  Powder blinks. “Im sorry?”
 
  “I know how this goes. What do you want? Name your price.”
 
  Powder cocks her head to the side. “I think Im out of your price range, considering you stole money for drinking water.”
 
  “I know how this works,” Silco says, “some hotshot nobody stumbles onto a goldmine of information, thinks that they can back a public figure into doing their dirty work. What do you want? Money? Do you want an introduction? I can help your little company — your career. Name it.”
 
  “You really want to do this?” Powder asks.
 
  “Name it,” Silco repeats.
 
  “Okay, Silco. Heres what I want,” Powder says, shifting closer, and lowering her voice to a whisper — the gain on her mic cranked so that every word, every syllable, is captured in its entirety.
 
  “I want,” Powder says, “you to burn. I want the world to know what you did. I want your credibility destroyed. I want you to be made to sell the team and put the profits towards making the water what you promised it would be — what you helped agree to.”
 
  Powder leans back, rises from her chair, and begins heading towards the exit of the hotel room.
 
  “Ill see you in court, Jinx,” Silco says.
 
  “Thanks for coming by,” Powder replies, then, “okay, Jim, Phoebe. Hes had enough. Pack it in.”
 
  The last frames of the scene are Silco glowering at the camera.
  
  All good things, unfortunately, come to an end. The week ended with Caitlyn and Vi reading — Caitlyn a fantasy tome 1100 pages strong, Vi with a newly purchased autobiography about a historical figure responsible for ratifying the constitution.
 
  Vi kept complaining that she heard his voice in her head with a beat behind it.
 
  The two boarded their flight without much fuss, flew back to Zaun in a single straight shot. After they landed and just as they settled into the town car to take them back to Caitlyns house — Vi with two suitcases, two more collections of herself that were now with Caitlyn in a permanent fashion — Caitlyns phone buzzed. It was the familiar drumbeat of vibrations from a caller she didnt recognize, the default ringtone. 
 
  Caitlyn answered it with a curious finger, and said “hello?”
 
  “Hi — Caitlyn? Caitlyn Kiramman?”
 
  “Speaking,” Caitlyn replied, guarded.
 
  “My name is Ty — Ty Montgomery. We were both on the Lone Stars together for a season.”
 
  “Oh,” Caitlyn said, remembering a boy with mousey blonde hair, a haunted look in his eyes. “Yes, how are you?”
 
  “Im… good,”  Ty said, hesitating.
 
  And then,
 
  “Can we talk about Terri Landsman?”




  
  “Hey, Akali,” Terri Landsman said, grinning with a hand outstretched towards her.
 
  Akali raised her eyebrows, said nothing. Her hockey bag was still over her shoulder, three fingers holding onto the straps as she stood in the players entrance to the Star Stadium for the second time. The welcome wagon hadnt been here the first time — no captain to pick her up from the airport, nothing but a rookie that sat alone taping up a bunch of sticks.
 
  The rookies name was Shani Alder, and she had jumped when Akali had knocked at the door.
 
  “Im the cap of this squad,” Terri continued, and Akali saw the message from Ahri floating in her mind, the few sentences about Landsman saying volumes.
 
  “I know,” Akali replied.
 
  “If you need any help getting settled—”
 
  “Got settled,” Akali said, “Im in a hotel room. Couldve used a ride from the airport, but thats dealt with now.”
 
  Landsmans brow furrowed. “Did the travel manager get in contact with you?”
 
  “Sure they did,” Akali replied, “just expected a little more from a captain of a decade. Personal touch, you know.”
 
  Landsman smiled sarcastically. “Sorry I dont live up to your standards.”
 
  “Apology accepted,” Akali said, “thats another thing, why was the rookie taping everyones sticks up last night?”
 
  “You were here last night?”
 
  “Yeah, told you — I already got settled. Alder — she was taping up a bunch of sticks. We dont have equipment managers in Piltover?”
 
  Landsman cocked her head. “Thats Shanis job. Rookies, you know?”
 
  Akali nodded her head slightly, then shifted her hockey bag to toss it to the ground, rolling her shoulder as she straightened back up. Landsman was half a head taller than her, but Akali didnt see much as she sized the older woman up.
 
  “What the fuck,” Akali began, “kind of ship are you running here, cap?”
 
  Landsmans smile tightened. “Fuck you, man.”
 
  “No airport call, the rookies taping sticks late when nobody else is here, she looks jumpy as fuck and not at all settled, nobodys here last night at 8 except for your assistant coach — Lucian — whos drawing up plays. The word around the league is that your locker room is totally fractured, and that starts at the top.”
 
  “I just came over,” Landsman said, “to see if you needed any help with your shit or your game, not to be dressed down in my own lobby.”
 
  “Well, you chose the battleground, cap,” Akali said, “and as for the other shit — what the fuck do you think I have to learn from you? Ive lifted the cup four times, Im a better skater than you, and Im willing to bet a years salary that Im a better captain.”
 
  “Who the fuck do you think you are,” Landsman snarled.
 
  “It isnt who 
  
    I
  
   think I am,” Akali corrected, “its who your management thinks I am. Because they sold half their future to get me to turn this shithole around, and it starts with you.”
 
  “So you want the captaincy,” Landsman said quietly, stepping into Akalis space, using her height. Akali raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Take a swing,” Akali invited, “I know how protected you are. How much the management loves you. I bet you feel real comfy cozy.”
 
  “Im the fucking king of Piltover,” Landsman said, quietly. Her breath smelled vaguely of menthol. “I own this arena. You watch what you say, where you go, around me.”
 
  “Your castle is crumbling, king,” Akali said, “the writing is on the wall, and you never learned how to read.”
 
  Landsman glared, and Akali looked at her impassively. When a beat, two beats went by without Landsman making good on her threat, Akali bent down — exposing herself, her vulnerability, to Landsman, showing how little she was concerned. When again nothing happened, Akali grabbed the hockey bag, hoisted it over her shoulder.
 
  “You dont trade for a player like me,” Akali said, “without considering cleaning house. Ask yourself how safe you feel.”
 
  Akali glanced around as she shouldered her way past Landsman, their bodies colliding briefly.
 
  “Nice arena, king,” Akali called over her shoulder.

  
  
  

  Run at the Cup.
 
  March Part Two: Phoenix
 
  “To those who abuse: the sin is yours, the crime is yours, and the shame is yours.” — Flora Jessop

  
  
  
  
  
  

  A blurry close up of a mixing glass fills the frame as blurry, manicured hands crush bitters and sugar into the bottom of it. A splash of water follows, stirred until the powder is nearly dissolved. Ice is poured into the mixing glass, followed by an amber liquid, which gets stirred all together with quick and efficient movements. A lowball glass enters the frame, with one single giant ice cube — circular — rests in the bottom of the glass. The mixture in the mixing glass is strained overtop of it, settling into the lowball around the ice cube like a chilly hug.
 
  A single curl of an orange peel is plopped into the drink, its picked up, and suddenly we see a slender, willowy, dark—skinned young woman with her black hair tied back, glasses on her nose. She sets the drink in front of her, sits down at a desk, and curls her fingers around it.
 
  “So,” she says, “this has been a week, huh?”
 
  The footage cuts to her smiling at the same table as she does a familiar, practised wave. “Hello, YouTube, Im wewon1, and I cover the RHL and all of its storylines. For those familiar to this channel, this video has been a long time coming — for those who arent, welcome. Weve got a lot to dive into today, and none of it is exactly 
  
    good
  
   or feel good content.”
 
  The woman — wewon1 — talks with animated gestures, a beaming smile hiding behind her lips.
 
  “I like to cover the happier storylines of the RHL, usually — we try to put some positivity out into the world for as long as we can. Sports are fun, so we like to have fun with it. But today, were not going to have much fun — for however long this video turns out to be—”
 
  A 
  
    ding
  
   sounds as the frame freezes, the text appearing on the screen: Over an hour, I am so sorry
 
  “— it can get into quite heavy topics. So, before we dive in, a warning — were about to cover abuse, and identify what that abuse entailed, who it affected, and — most importantly — the people who are actively trying to misinform us, the general public, about the events. Please make sure to proceed with caution, and Ill provide a full list of timestamps and trigger warnings in the description below.”
 
  She shifts, takes a sip of the drink, exhales, and presses her palm to her forehead.
 
  “Its 10 in the morning,” she says, “and Im drinking an Old Fashioned. Thats just the sort of story this is. Its one of those stories where you think youve heard the awful part and then someone else opens their mouth.”
 
  She chuckles mirthlessly, stares out into the distance for a moment, then re—addresses the camera. “I also just want to say — Im about to go full professional mode, but this has made me more angry as a hockey fan than anything I can remember. I really cant overstate how much I hate making content like this — Id rather it be all tilly times and spitting through gapped teeth. But instead, its multiple people being pieces of shit and wading through disturbing footage, and I— I just, hate it.”
 
  The footage jump—cuts again. “Now theres been some confusion as to how it all began, so Ive done my best to construct a timeline. Please note that my timeline has been backed up and sourced where I could, but there are huge gaps of time where we dont know — and likely will never know — what happened behind closed doors. What we do now is that there was an event directly preceding Caitlyn Kirammans news conference — at least one — involving abuse victims. We dont know exactly what occurred, but we know there was a meeting to come together in solidarity regarding the abuse, and that the victims knew that they werent alone — largely because of this meeting.”
  
  “She was just so good at it,” Ty said, trembling hands pressing to his mug at Caitlyns kitchen table, tracing a circle around the raised black lettering that said 
  
    nobody fucks with kitty
  
   and portrayed a black cat silhouette beside it. 
 
  Caitlyn sat across from him with her own mug, her expression serious, roving over his face. Vi sat to her left — Ty insisted that she stay, even though shed tried to leave a few times — her tongue scalded from the coffee shed slurped down immediately in order to have something to do with her hands and her tongue that wasnt make throttling motions towards Landsmans general concept or make promises involving hiding outside her house with a baseball bat.
 
  Caitlyn just listened, went stiff and quiet, became a person that Vi had never seen before and it made her furious to witness, this secret person that Caitlyn was forced into being, this hard outer shell betraying nothing but empty eyes and a clenched jaw.
 
  “She sat me down,” Ty said, “cozied right on up to me with promises of tips and tricks. She said that talking to you wasnt an option — you hated to be bothered, so stay away from you.”
 
  Caitlyns fingers gripped around the mug even tighter as she slowly lifted it to her lips, sipped gently.
 
  “But — things started to turn. I couldnt get free. You remember how whenever we were on the ice together, things started to look up?”
 
  “You had soft hands, I remember,” Caitlyn said, “could take a pass whenever I slid it to you.”
 
  “Danforth didnt want that. He wanted me to be a bruiser, so he took the shots away. Said that I was to shovel it back to the blue whenever I got it. He wanted me to be a grinder, but my body started breaking down. I kept going to the team physicians but Landsman always went with me, theyd write me off with a clean bill of health when it felt like I was skating on broken glass.”
 
  “Holy shit,” Vi breathed.
 
  Ty gave a tiny smirk, hesitated, picking at the polish on his black chipped nails and left his jaw hanging open, trying to force sound out.
 
  “Take your time,” Caitlyn assured.
 
  “Its not — Im not proud of this,” Ty said.
 
  “Youre a victim, Ty,” Vi put in, “we know what kind of headspace you were in.”
 
  Ty exhaled, ran two fingers along his eyebrow. “Apparently,” Ty said, “my performance flagged behind for too long. I could barely skate, my ribs were hurting from trying to dole out punishment, I was pretty sure I had a broken thumb. But we were in the playoff race — I didnt want to be a bad soldier, and well — I was on a team with you. Landsman would key in on the new peoples adoration of you and say like, oh she doesnt want to be bothered or oh she wont talk to you — she gives all young rookies the silent treatment but she knew that your allure was what kept us going, used it to weaponize us. Shed look at me and say youre hurting? Kiramman has never missed a game — youre never going to earn approval if you say youre injured.”
 
  Caitlyn grit her teeth, sipped at her coffee again, and Vi imagined her whipping it against the wall for the momentary relief. Instead of allowing that, Vi slid a hand into Caitlyns, let the taller woman squeeze her bones together in an iron grip. It reminded Vi of Powder — of lending Powder her hands to twitch with and play with and settle herself, centre herself.
 
  “When we made the playoffs,” Ty said, “first round, we had the War Horses. I remember my defensive assignment was Ahri. She skated circles around me — I tried, but I couldnt keep up.”
 
  “It was a bad matchup,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “I wasnt good enough,” Ty muttered.
 
  “Yes, but not for the reasons you think,” Caitlyn replied, “you were born to play up against the goaltender, Ty, not try to handle a skater that can out—deke you. Raffi shouldve been on Ahri — he was a half decent defender when he put his mind to it.”
 
  At the mention of Raffis name, Ty flinched, and Caitlyns grip tightened.
 
  “Raffi shot pucks at me,” Ty said.
 
  “Me too,” Caitlyn replied.
 
  Ty watched her. Caitlyn watched Ty.
 
  “Every goal Ahri scored when I blew the assignment was five slapshots. I was too hurt to stop it. Landsman hauled me around the locker room, threatened me to get my act together, but I couldnt skate anymore — was worn to a nub.”
 
  Ty pressed his quaking hands to his lips, rubbed them lightly. “The series lasted five games, and when we were finally bounced, I was traded at the deadline. I had to have five surgeries, was out for two years recovering, and when I finally was ready, no team would have me. My glorious RHL career ended at the free agent deadline, no deal in sight.”
 
  “What are you doing now?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  “Im scouting,” Ty replied, smiled, “Im a lot happier now — I work for the Serpents. They send me all over the globe trying to find future studs. Company dime.”
 
  “Nice,” Vi said.
 
  “It is,” Ty said, drinking slowly, and the quake returned. “Im — I thought, all this time, that you didnt give a shit about us — about those that Landsman — did that to.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned. “Us?”
 
  “Theres — there are more of us,” Ty confirmed, hesitating. “After I left the game — after I hung them up, I got contacted by a few more Lone Stars alums. We called ourselves the One and Dones, the late second and third round picks that Piltover chewed up and spat out. We ate the hard minutes for a season for a cup run.”
 
  “I thought,” Caitlyn began, shaking her head, “I guess I didnt think. I was too busy trying not to see my teammates — Landsman was so good at putting you on an island.”
 
  “Yeah,” Ty confirmed, “people you thought were your friends became her moles. The best to ever do it.”
 
  “I figured it was just Danforths incompetence, putting out rookies to eat up opposing scorers. I never knew that all along, you were going through similar… experiences.”
 
  “None of us thought you were going through it, Caitlyn,” Ty said, softly, “we thought that you were above us all. I dont know — maybe Landsman sensed that, sensed that if we had access to you or thought of you as a teammate, we could flip the script.”
 
  “I dont know that we couldve,” Caitlyn said, “I wasnt strong enough then.”
 
  Ty nodded, wiped at his eyes, smiled. “The blonde girl was right, this did help.”
 
  “Im glad,” Vi said, before continuing, “Ty, I know it might not be my place to ask, but how many of the One and Dones are there?”
 
  “Five on the group chat,” Ty said, “but there are probably more — I havent kept a lot of tabs on the Lone Stars for… obvious reasons. But I think — there may be another one on the team — do you know Shani Alder?”
 
  Caitlyn looked at Vi quizzically, and Vi nodded. “Forward. Horribly miscast — shes being used as a bruiser on… the… Lone Stars. Shit.”
 
  Ty nodded tightly. “Tale as old as time.”
 
  Caitlyn glared down at her mug, slowly rotating it with her fingers as Vi watched her, watched the movement. Vi could see it written all over her features, knew all at once when shed made the decision.
 
  “Itll be hard,” Vi said. Caitlyns gaze jerked to hers.
 
  “I have to try,” Caitlyn responded.
 
  “Ill be with you when you do,” Vi said.
 
  “What happened?” Ty asked.
 
  Caitlyn nodded at Vi, looked at Ty, and grit her teeth.
 
  “Ive been thinking,” Caitlyn said, still spinning her mug, “about Landsman a lot. About that whole situation. Someone really smart, really perceptive told me recently that it doesnt happen in a vacuum — abusers dont operate on a scale of just one person. If youre a victim, there have to be more.
 
  “And Ive been thinking that as long as she has a foothold in the RHL, shell always be lurking. Players like her get coaching jobs or scouting jobs or media jobs and — when will it stop? Who will stop it when it hasnt been stopped already? How will we tell her that she cant get away with it anymore?”
 
  Ty watched her wordlessly, eyes darting back and forth, drinking the last remainders of his coffee as she spoke.
 
  “Shes well protected,” Ty warned, “I wouldnt.”
 
  “I dont care,” Caitlyn replied, “how well protected she is. If theres a chance that shes still doing this, I need to make sure — I have to do everything that I can.”
 
  Vi felt a surge of pride, her hand sliding down Caitlyns forearm to curl around her wrist, squeezing it once. Caitlyns hand jerked back to grip onto Vis knuckles, and they sat there in the awkward half—hand hold, half—forearm lock as Ty gathered his thoughts.
 
  “If— when you go public,” Ty said, “well also go public. I know — not all of us are ready, but I am, a few others are.”
 
  He took a breath, exhaled.
 
  “Im terrified.”
 
  “She cant hurt you,” Caitlyn replied, “not in the same way, not anymore. Well make sure she never hurts anyone again.”
  
  “After the meeting,” wewon1 says to the camera, “we can confirm from sources that Caitlyns next meeting was with her agent at ElorAgencies, which, as an aside, is one of the worst names for an agency of all time. They also represent Vi Wickett, and have a very firm grasp of the RHLs ins and outs — which is clearly apparent with their strategy in tackling the Landsman Scandal from the very beginning.”
 
  Graphics appear on the screen — showing a multi—pronged approach to breaking the news. Accompanying these, wewon1 continues: “The first stage was a post on twitter — a TwitLonger detailing the abuse, written by Caitlyn and her agent. The second stage was a press conference held in the following hour, after the news cycles had picked up the TwitLonger and the fan reactions to it.”
 
  wewon1 smiles. “Remember how I said that ElorAgencies have a good grasp on the RHL media cycle? This is where it becomes evident, because they had one of the best strategies for dealing with the pushback that Ive ever seen. I dont know who came up with this plan, but from a standpoint of destroying someones credibility, its peerless.”
  
  “We found something,” Powder said, as Lux brought a laptop into Eloras office. The other occupant had deep bags beneath her eyes, blood surrounding the irises, deep exhaustion etched into her face. She also looked manic, like she couldnt sleep even if shed tried. Her normally ruthlessly organised desk was an explosion of paper and articles that were highlighted in bright green, her yellow, blue, and pink highlighters all laying in various locations within arms reach. There were two of each colour thrown into her wastepaper basket, staining the metal in a riot of colours.
 
  In the two days since Caitlyn had told her of her decision to come forward and told Elora the whole story, shed worked around the clock. After Caitlyn had given Powder the green light and let Elora in on it, shed been in contact with GetJinxed constantly, asking for hourly updates. Lux had a grudging respect for her hustle even if she was deeply annoyed by the constant vibrations in her cell phone.
 
  Powder wanted to marry Elora, and Eloras fire inspired Powders, pulling all nighters dialling the number of every contact she had in Piltover and the RHL, cashing in favours, sifting through paperwork.
 
  “Who got it?” Elora asked, chucking the highlighter in her hand and reaching for the laptop to pull it close.
 
  “None of our contacts, actually,” Powder said, annoyed, “theyre still working on it. But Lux had this genius idea to interview the Lone Stars retired security team. Theyre an independent company named Helix, service a lot of the arenas in Piltover.”
 
  “There were two guards that were transferred for complaints that never came to light,” Lux explained, “Helixs hiring and firing records are public record — easy enough to pull. I asked why they were retired and they said it was because they found some footage that they reported.”
 
  “Reported footage,” Powders eyes gleamed, “honestly, this makes me hate Landsman even more. Id enjoy this puzzle a lot if it didnt involve someone I respect.”
 
  “How did you get the footage?” Elora asked.
 
  “Oh, thats the best part,” Powder said, “we just asked.”
 
  Elora raised an eyebrow. “You asked?”
 
  “We asked for specific dates,” Lux said, flipping through her notebook, “based on what the One and Dones said they could remember and what Caitlyn said. Caitlyn has an awesome memory for this, by the way — she was able to recall times which made it stupid easy to dig up. We even took the step of notifying the Piltover Lone Stars org that we were going to use locker room footage and they approved it, provided it didnt show anyone in a compromising position.”
 
  Lux flipped the notebook down, and continued. “When asked what compromising meant, they said specifically nudity.”
 
  Elora opened the laptop. There were thirteen clips. Of them, five were of Caitlyn and the rest were of various One and Dones. The thumbnails featured Caitlyn on the ice, Caitlyn holding onto her elbow in pain, Caitlyn surrounded by three Lone Stars, Caitlyn red—eyed in the team locker room, her hands taping a bundle of sticks.
 
  Caitlyn alone against the world.
 
  “Christ,” Elora whispered, rubbing at her tired eyes, “how bad is it?”
 
  “Exactly as bad as Caitlyn said,” Powder said, seriously. “We cut the footage down to just Caitlyns parts of the five you want. The rest we can edit as much as the One and Dones need us.”
 
  “Has Caitlyn seen this?”
 
  “We went to her first,” Powder said, voice soft. “Well, Lux did.”
 
  “Shes okay with them going public,” Lux said, “Vis with her now. Theyre skipping practice today.”
 
  Elora steepled her fingers, clicked the first clip, and watched it with an impassive look on her face. Watched the second. The third. The fourth.
 
  By the time the sounds of pucks being slapped against Caitlyns skin finished playing in the fifth video, Elora gently closed the laptop, rose, and stood staring out the window behind her, her hands folded behind her back.
 
  “How the fuck,” Elora whispered, “did we miss this. How did we build a system that allows this.”
 
  “One bad apple,” Lux murmured, and Elora shook her head.
 
  “Its more than a bad apple. You said it yourself — security officers transferred for mentioning footage they shouldnt have mentioned. That means someone in management, at least, knew. The coach knew. Amara — Caitlyns agent — knew. Years and years of knowing, and doing nothing, and letting a girl suffer.”
 
  “After I saw this,” Powder said, conversationally, “I wanted to burn everyone and everything to the ground. We were in Piltover yesterday — I casually passed by Landsmans locker and wanted to try my luck.”
 
  “We 
  
    will
  
   burn them,” Elora said, turning back to the two of them, “but I want to make sure they have enough gas spilled on themselves first. Let them deny, let them call Caitlyn insane, let them say shes just a rich bitch with a grudge who hates because of the All—Star thing — which 
  
    they will do
  
  .”
 
  Powder grinned. “Then we leak the footage.”
 
  “Its already prepared,” Elora replied. “Thank you both for coming through. I have your payment—”
 
  “Youre not charging us for this,” Lux spoke up, “not a chance.”
 
  “Consider it a public service,” Powder added, “and we all will need a bunch of therapy.”
 
  Elora turned behind her desk, and picked up a package — a long and beautifully wrapped box that had some heft to it.
 
  “I need to send someone something,” Elora said, “and then well get started on the rollout. As soon as Caitlyn is ready, we move.”
  
  “So, the TwitLonger goes live, and in it Caitlyn Kiramman alleges that she suffered abuse — psychological, emotional, and physical — at the hands of the Piltover Lone Stars coaching staff and players, and specifically identifies Coach Douglas Danforth and Terri Landsman as the ringleaders. She then books a press conference to discuss it in Zaun, and the media arrives in droves as soon as the TwitLonger is up. The reaction is instantaneous.”
 
  wewon1 takes a long sip from her old fashioned, sighs contentedly. “Two camps emerge — well call them Team Kiramman and Team Landsman for claritys sake. When someone alleges something, the burden of proof is on them in the eyes of the viewing public, and so there was cries of prove it and how dare you from Team Landsman, while Team Kiramman on twitter raved about knowing it since Landsman tried to run Caitlyn off the ice in October, as well as the Donnybrook — two major events that Landsman was a massive factor in.
 
  “Now, Im not a Sumprats fan at all,” wewon1 continues, “as Ive mentioned. But these two claims hold a lot of water. In response, right before the press conference, Terri Landsman posted a video of her responding to the allegations. The video has since been deleted, but I took the liberty of saving a copy. Here it is in its entirety.”
 
  “I am in no way guilty of these allegations,” Terri says to the camera, held with shaking hands that ensure the video is out of focus and background noise bleeds through, “and Caitlyn Kiramman is trying to defame my character. I suspect its because she cant handle that I told the world the truth about her and her manipulation tactics — she got our All Star game cancelled off the back of her hockey royalty status. This is just another in a long line of sad attempts to ensure her legacy without me — because she fears the playoffs, she fears what she cant ensure for herself, and she most of all fears a world where Im not there to hold her hand.”
 
  wewon1 stares at the camera for a few more moments, and then opens her mouth. “This leads us to a section of the video I like to call:”
 
  A transition screen shows, with the words 
  Landsman Is A Lying Shit
   bouncing around in comic sans that is rainbow coloured, steadily shifting colours as it moves.
 
  “So lets go through this incoherent response line by line. Firstly — why would Kiramman, who has not responded to any of the clear baiting by Landsman throughout the entire All Star saga, respond now — days 
  
    after
  
   the All Star week was cancelled? Secondly, Caitlyn Kiramman leads in MVP votes by a massive amount — at the time Im recording this, shes secured the public vote by over five hundred thousand votes and according to player sources and media outlets, the players in the RHL agree. Why would she care about securing a legacy without Landsman when shes already well on her way to doing that? Lastly, there has been no evidence — empirical or observational — that has said that Caitlyn Kiramman is afraid of the playoffs. Her stats go way, 
  
    way
  
   up in clutch situations — a well documented fact for her career to date.”
 
  “So,” wewon1 continues, “armed with this, Caitlyn Kiramman elected to respond to none of it in the press conference. Instead, she said this:”
 
  “There are systems in the RHL,” Caitlyn Kiramman says to the microphones, reading from a piece of paper with still hands and dry eyes, “that are susceptible to manipulation, and they protect abusers while quietly shuffling victims away. Its an entrenched system, one that has been built by decades of people in power benefiting from it and protecting it. The same systems that deliver us rookies and fresh faces and keep our game exciting are the same systems that allowed me to be hurt and degraded for over a decade. As one of the RHLs most recognizable faces, I urge the RHL to investigate these claims and hold those responsible for their actions. I will not be taking questions at this time — thank you.”
 
  wewon1 sips at her old fashioned again, shaking her head. “When the press conference went live, Landsman responded with this tweet — also since deleted — saying, ridiculous. Put your money where your mouth is. #wherestheproof.”
 
  wewon1 smiles. “And this, folks, is exactly what Caitlyn Kiramman and ElorAgency were waiting for.”
  
  A post from @tayswiffer on twitter with four video clips. The caption reads as follows:
 
  I was entrusted to these clips by a mutual acquaintance of mine and Kirammans — posting with permission. Horrified and disgusted. @TLandsman #yourproofshere
 
  @benluy

  this is horrifying
 
  @leathertunics

  Holy shit
 
  @galacticpyre

  the second clip — are they firing pucks at her???? thats YOUR TEAMMATE??????
 
  @krazyb

  fuck the lone stars i hope darius beats her ass again
 
  @peter.jeff.warwick

  No wonder Vi was so heated in the Donny, my girl was avenging her gf
 
  @Polates

  the locker room one — i feel sick to my stomach
 
  @spectacler

  @tayswiffer these look doctored af, fake af, fake fake fake
 
  @thapaako

  😭😭😭😭this was going on for years??????????????????
 
  @uwu_uri

  @heimerdinger better do some shit — i stg — get this bitch behind bars
 
  @SickRimsBro

  Wheres the accountability — we dont know what Kiramman did to cause these clips. We need both sides.

  |

  @CarfastCity

  landsman alt spotted

  |

  @SickRimsBro

  I assure you, I have no sides here — just wondering what could possibly have happened to cause this reaction. It genuinely puzzles me that were all just assuming these videos are credible and have the full story.

  |

  @CarfastCity

  ok terri
  
  “So,” wewon1 says, “after the proof is posted we get to see exactly what Landsman was so afraid of — the footage is damning, and is very clearly not doctored in any way, shape or form — just edited to show the parts that were relevant due to accountability. Immediately, the RHL claimed it was launching a full investigation, which…”
 
  wewon1 sighs. “Okay, so there was some pushback from the media — immediately condemning Kiramman for coming forwards about an accusation without proof, saying that Landsman was a good and upstanding hockey player and wouldnt do this — would never do this. The proper channels, said these people, would be to:”
 
  Clips play of various talking heads on sports radio and media, one after the other:
 
  “If this was a real concern, why not go to the RHL office and have them investigate?”
 
  “This is not a real claim until it goes before the RHL.”
 
  “The RHL needs to handle this internally — externally is a very poor form. You could hurt someones credibility badly.”
 
  “Theres no proof supplied with the claims. Its just a stupid twitter post. We cant condemn someone off of a twitter post.”
 
  wewon1 takes a sip of her drink and sets it down carefully. “This was a very common refrain in the hours between the TwitLonger being posted and the video clips being shown. So, now you have proof, right? What did these same talking heads say about the proof being shown, when there was no doubt to be offered in benefit?”
 
  More clips:
 
  “Caitlyn Kiramman should face fines for this — leaking proof to the press instead of turning it over to the RHL is shockingly bad faith.”
 
  “Why did you go lone gunman on this, Caitlyn Kiramman? What are you trying to hide about the situation?”
 
  “Honestly, I want the full footage. I want the footage that occurs before this happened. Otherwise, this is just he said she said — or she said she said — and it smells and reads like a hit piece.”
 
  “Everyone knows tempers grow hot, and yeah, Landsman can be a heated person — but thats just how the RHL is.”
 
  wewon1 launches into a mocking tirade. “Yeah, thats just how the RHL is, man! Take a chill pill! Being assaulted in a locker room and having pucks shot at you is 
  
    totally
  
   radical! Hockey players, am I right?”
 
  wewon1 shakes her head ruefully and takes another large slug of her glass, which results in the liquid totally draining. “Youre supposed to nurse these,” she says, shaking the glass, “and Ive drank it in like eight minutes. Ugh.”
 
  wewon1 folds her hands and sobers. “Again, these are incredibly stupid points, but — for the sake of argument — lets take a look at them. Why, indeed, did Caitlyn Kiramman not go to the RHL? Why take it public?”
 
  wewon1 swirls the ball of ice in her glass. “Would it shock you,” she says, “if I told you that someone actually did?”
 
  “In 2006,” says a young woman into a cell phone camera, “I was on the Lone Stars with Terri Landsman. She had just been traded, and I was a rookie.”
 
  “This,” says the voice of wewon1, “is Audrey Cooke. Cooke posted this twitter video shortly after the proof was posted by Taylor Swiffer, one of the other victims that came forwards in the wake of the scandal.”
 
  “I went to the RHL office with it,” Audrey says, “they said that they could find no evidence to support my claims and that Terri Landsman was a good and upstanding player. Without supplied proof, I wouldnt be able to go forwards. The investigation took something like a week — I cant exactly remember, but I remember it felt short. Two days after the verdict came back, the Lone Stars cut me and I couldnt find another team — I had to retire.”
 
  “So,” wewon1 says, with a fresh Old Fashioned, “why on 
  
    earth
  
   would Kiramman and her camp not trust the RHL with such a 
  
    superb
  
   track record? Cooke was one of seven total ex—Lone Stars that came forwards — mostly players who only lasted a season in the RHL — citing some sort of manipulation or emotional abuse at the hands of Landsman. Four said that there was physical abuse of some fashion — pucks being shot at them was a standard thing. The only person who apparently had a sustained case of abuse against them was Kiramman.”
 
  “And what,” wewon1 says, resignedly, “did these talking heads say now? Now that there were 8 cases total with more coming all the time? They probably backed down, right? They wouldnt dare double down — not when they demanded proof and are clearly being baited again?”
 
  More clips play, soundbite after soundbite, men and women in suits and glaring into the camera with righteous fury:
 
  “I dont know where they found these nobody players, but theres still no proof—”
 
  “No proof provided—”
 
  “—and again, they didnt provide any proof of these! These are just allegations—”
 
  “—allegations that have an inflammatory aspect—”
 
  “—without proof, we call that an allegation, folks.”
 
  wewon1 stares into the camera, and drums a beat against the table.
 
  “So,” wewon1 says, “they had proof. They set the trap again, the media fell for it, and eight more clips are posted from Taylor Swiffers account — with each of the allegations being proved. But that wasnt the sword in the heart of this particular incident. No, that came from one Raffi Cadoukian, former defensive partner of Caitlyn Kiramman, who tweeted this as we entered day 3 of the media spiral.”
 
  Raffi Cadoukians twitter — @RaffiCad31 — is displayed on the screen.
 
  @RaffiCad31

  Everything that these players allege is true. I know because I was there, and I helped Terri abuse them. I was personally involved to four of these 8 cases, most notably Caitlyns. Im not proud of what we did — we knew it was wrong. But we did it. 1/6

  |

  @RaffiCad31

  Im no longer willing to stand idly by and pretend that it wasnt fucked up over there. Terri and Danforth ran the Lone Stars like the worst of drill sergeants — including the physical and emotional encouragement. You fell in line, or you were next. 2/6

  |

  @RaffiCad31

  I dont say this to gain forgiveness — I know what I did was awful, and Ill accept any punishment that is coming to me. Im only able to talk this openly because I left that situation last month and I know they cant hurt me anymore. 3/6

  |

  @RaffiCad31

  Thats how deep this went. We were trapped — if we went to anyone it got worse for us. There are so many people that arent ever going to come forwards because they dont feel safe. Nobody can feel safe while Landsman + Danforth are there. 4/6

  |

  @RaffiCad31

  So fuck off about unreliability and allegation and protecting credibility. You all out there who are demanding more proof are the EXACT FUCKING REASON that we couldnt stop it sooner. Look at yourselves in a mirror. 5/6

  |

  @RaffiCad31

  PS: Go Sumprats.
 
  6/6
  
  “You know,” Caitlyn said, “Im not going to forgive you just because you did the right thing.”
 
  “I know,” Raffi said over the phone, “I didnt do it get your forgiveness — thats for you to decide.”
 
  “Right,” Caitlyn said tersely. She leaned against the porch of her parents house, her eyes scanning the Zaun horizon. Her parents were in the process of moving, had decided to be a little closer, and they were taking to the city like ducks to water. All of the neighbours, according to Cassandra, were coming around to ask Tobias to smoke them out and her new card playing group were a bunch of savages, but in the best way.
 
  No drama, just cards.
 
  She and Vi had spent the past few days here, surrounded by family. They left to play games at The Last Drop or go on the road, but Caitlyn had needed her people around her the second that shed finished speaking into those microphones.
 
  “I just — I want you to know,” Raffi said, “that anything you need — Im here. If you need witnesses, or if you need me to go on air — any of that, Im here.”
 
  Caitlyn was silent, stony. She wasnt about to offer an olive branch to someone who shouldve had her back from the start. A car — a rental — rolled down the street, moving slowly, lights off — either in concession to the late hour or for nefarious reasons. She found herself moving a little to become more visible. If they wanted pictures of her, in the spring air with a cellphone at her ear, they could fucking have them.
 
  As Vi always said, fuck em.
 
  Vi stepped out of the bungalow at that moment as if summoned, and Caitlyn shot her a fleeting smile, strain at the edges of her vision. Vi placed a warm hand on the back of her shoulders, rubbed slowly, her other hand coming to work the tension out of her fingers.
 
  Vi was touch—fueled, always leaving Caitlyn little reminders that she was here, present, solid and stoic and gentle, a support beam for her to rest her head against.
 
  “Youre going to need to find your own forgiveness,” Caitlyn replied to Raffi, “its not going to come from me. I cant thank you for what you did because you shouldve done it a long time ago. You shouldve said no.”
 
  “I know,” Raffi responded, sounding miserable.
 
  “Go to therapy,” Caitlyn advised, “its helped me some. Getting out was the big part — having a team was the other big part.”
 
  “I understand that,” Raffi said, “I get it now more than ever.”
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn said in reply, and then watched as that same car with its lights off came back, having gone all the way down the street. It suddenly turned into her parents driveway, and Caitlyn said, “I have to let you go.”
 
  She recognized the driver now that he was closer — chiseled jaw, scar on his chin, warm brown eyes and a styled haircut that remained perfectly rigid as he opened the car door and left it open in his haste, the car still running as he raced towards her. She was stepping off the porch and dashing towards him, and her eyes were wet with tears as she slammed her face into his lapel, his big arms coming around her.
 
  “There you are, shooter,” Jayce Talis soothed, warm hands roving over her back, familiar hands. A best friends hands. “Youre okay now.”
 
  Vis hand curled over her shoulder and she stood between two of her favourite people, soaked up their strength as she quivered between them.
  
  “Now,” wewon1 says, “theres a few stories floating around that have been confused with this story, or seem semi—related. Im going to go through the mini—storylines though, just to give as much context and clarity as I can. Firstly, Amara — former agent of Caitlyn Kiramman and Terri Landsman, as well as coach Douglas Danforth. The story goes that her contracts were uncovered by other agents under the guise of seeking an example, but when studied they found that there were a few hidden clauses tied to keeping players and personnel in Piltover. Amara was getting little kickbacks from the owners for aggressively vying for them to remain in the city, which was a clear ethics violation.”
 
  wewon1 stirs her drink with a flick of her wrist and raises an eyebrow at the camera. “This calls into question some very interesting things — when asked how Taylor Swiffer got her hands on the footage, she responded my sources looked. When these agents were asked how they discovered the contracts had an ethics violation, they, too, said we looked. It seems like a lot of this information was carelessly hid in plain sight, and it took no time at all to uncover it.”
 
  wewon1 takes a sip of the old fashioned and grimaces, coughs. “Went way too hard on the bitters,” she grumbles. She then takes another sip, hacks a little.
 
  “Way too hard.”
 
  The footage cuts to a new glass and her face sobering. “Amaras future as an agent and as an agency is up in the air, but her clients leaving her in droves is well reported and has nothing to do with the Landsman Scandal. But the agency isnt what it was, and I doubt it ever will be again.”
 
  wewon1 leans her chair back, takes a long drink and smiles down at her cocktail. “This is better,” she murmurs, and then glances at the camera.
 
  “Im no fan of sports agents in general. I wouldve loved to be a fly on the wall for that conversation.”
  
  “No,” Amara hissed, “I dont give a fuck who you have to talk to. Those video clips are clearly a violation of some kind of rights. Take them down.”
 
  Amara listened to her cell phone for a moment as her secretary knocked, left a long, well—wrapped package at her door, and stepped out. Amara raised her eyebrows at the box, rose to walk towards it as she snapped out, “Taylor, youre fucking done in this town if you dont delete the fucking tweet right now. Dont talk to me about one party consent laws and fucking permissions obtained — take it down 
  
    now
  
   if you want access to any of my clients in the future. Do you hear me?”
 
  Amara glared at her cell phone as she pressed her hand to the wrapped box, looked at the label, found no return address.
 
  “Heres what youre going to do, Taylor,” Amara said, “youre going to get Caitlyn Kirammans hand out of your ass long enough to use it to delete the post, or there will be fucking consequences. Are we understood? Do we hear each other?”
 
  Amara pulled at the wrapping, lifting the cover off the box, and stared at the contents as Taylor Swiffer hung up with a quiet click.
 
  Inside the box was a muddy shovel.
 
  “Maam?” her secretary called, and Amaras stomach dropped. “Ive got the ethics board on line two.”
  
  “The other storyline that gets confused with the Landsman Scandal is the ownership quibbes over the Sumprats, which is mostly a behind—closed—doors thing, so I dont have a lot of information thats verifiably sourced on it. What I do know is that the current majority owner, Silco, went to the RHL wanting to sell. Something happened between Silco and deputy commissioner Skye, and the result is that Silco lost his majority ownership and was privately fined. There seems to be court cases filed from a few directions, though, so theres little point in speculating until those end in one way or the other.”
 
  “Something kind of cool, though,” wewon1 says, smiling a little, “came out of all of this.”
  
  “Mr. Silco,” Skye said, “this is highly irregular.”
 
  The two were seated in a comically large conference room for just the two of them in attendance, Silco seated at the head of the table, Skye seated at the right hand of the Commissioners chair — where she was traditionally seated. She had a stack of papers with her, but she figured she only really needed one.
 
  Mr. Silco had contacted Heimerdinger with the intent to put the Sumprats up for market, but since the commissioner was out of the country on holidays — his third of the season — it was up to Skye to handle it, and shed come up with what was the perfect solution.
 
  Heimerdinger was 
  
    also
  
   out of the country when a little package had arrived with the GetJinxed logo on it.
 
  “Ownership cannot sell a team within five years of its purchase date, traditionally. Ticket sales are doing fine, the Sumprats are a competitive and popular team — why on earth are you choosing to sell?”
 
  “Hockey isnt my thing,” Silco said, blithely. “You can move the team to the Summer Isles, as was originally discussed before I placed my bid.”
 
  “Oh, that wont work for us,” Skye said, “having a team in Zaun has been nothing but a boon for us — and I expect that itll continue to do so. The teams competitive, and the market is viciously loyal.”
 
  “If you move the team out of Zaun,” Silco said, “Im willing to take a 50% discount. Ill cut my losses.”
 
  Skye frowned. “Mr. Silco, youre burning money.”
 
  “Its mine to burn.”
 
  “Is it,” Skye murmured, and tapped the package. “Not all, apparently.”
 
  Silco raised his eyebrows. “What is that?”
 
  “Would your financial hardships, perhaps, be due to a prospective lawsuit at the hands of the City of Zaun?”
 
  Silco glowered. “Thats none of your concern.”
 
  “It appears that you owe them a sum total of 71 million dollars, Mr. Silco. 71 million that was stolen to build a stadium — an RHL stadium. I assure you, it is entirely my concern.”
 
  “Thats between me and the city.”
 
  “Sure,” Skye said, “sure. It sure is. Tell you what — Im willing to offer you 71 million dollars for sale of the team, donated directly to the city to repay them for the water supply.”
 
  Silco scoffed. “That must be a joke.”
 
  “Am I smiling, Mr. Silco?” Skye pointed at her face, adjusted her glasses. “There is a standard that we have to uphold as owners and executives in this league, and credible allegations of fraud are the sort of thing we look down on, here at the RHL. So Ill offer you two choices — either step down now and allow us to make something good of this situation, or remain until you are forcibly removed. Option one is quicker, but Ill enjoy option two much more.”
 
  Silco glares. “What happens to the team when Ive stepped down?”
 
  Skye didnt answer him, shuffled some papers, and then said, “decide.”
 
  “Mr. Silco,” Skye said later to the gathered reporters, “has stepped down in the wake of the water allegations. I want to thank him for starting the process of putting a team here in Zaun, where we have grown a dedicated fanbase in a short few months. In his stead, we are rolling out a new program that were incredibly excited about.
 
  “Between myself, the minority owners of the Sumprats, and the front office that runs the show,” Skye said, gesturing to Mel Medarda at her right, “we have devised a way to both pay back what was stolen to Zaun and to support the community. Starting in the playoffs, each ticket purchase to see a home Zaun Sumprats game will see a portion of its proceeds go towards cleaning what remains of the chemical runoff, improving the water infrastructure that led to the runoff in the first place, and, when thats completed, it will be put towards projects as the board of directors — all Zaun born themselves — see fit.
 
  “Its far from a perfect solution,” Skye said, “I, like you, am hurt and shocked that this man took advantage of so many vulnerable people the way that he did. But we hope that this program will allow a modicum of relief. And remember, whenever you support your home team, you also support their home town. Thank you.”
 
  Skye stepped away from the microphone as the room erupted into haphazard applause, said through her teeth towards Mel, “this is an unmitigated disaster.”
 
  “Lot of those coming up this season,” Mel mused.
 
  Skye glanced at her, offered her a brief smile. “Thank you for your help, Ms. Medarda. The idea was pure genius, simply put.”
 
  “The pleasure was all mine, deputy commissioner,” Mel said, bowing lightly.
  
  “Now as the scandal developed, talking heads and Team Landsman in general started taking heavy losses as the evidence was heavily mounted towards one side. The controversy kept swirling, but was pushed along even further by one Jayce Talis, who is childhood friends with Caitlyn Kiramman — they were neighbours, which is crazy — and obviously was a councillor of Piltover himself. The Man of Progress spent two weeks here in Zaun before flying back to Piltover, and upon landing, he began to raise quite a bit of hell.”
  
  “I want an investigation launched, pronto,” Jayce barked into the phone, “I dont care about the RHLs investigation. Ill pay for it myself if I have to. I want to know how many victims were talking about here — and this goes way beyond hockey. We have evidence of an assault on Piltovian soil, and I wont hesitate to get the police involved if I have to.”
 
  “Understood,” GM of the Lone Stars Matthew Hill said. Hill was a new hire, having been brought on midway through the season to help turn Piltover around, and that fact alone was the only reason that Jayce hadnt torn him to shreds, too. “You wont need to pay for it — we will. I want to get to the bottom of this as much as you do.”
 
  “And Danforth—” Jayce began.
 
  “Already fired,” Hill replied, “I fired him this morning. It was a short conversation. If the investigation finds criminal wrongdoing, we wont be helping him.”
 
  “Good,” Jayce seethed, “good. Jesus. On our fucking soil? Are you kidding me? All this time—”
 
  “Its a fucking travesty,” Hill agreed, “an absolute travesty. I have to go back to talking about trade deadlines and improving my team like there wasnt shit going on directly in my own locker rooms. Im sick to the fucking core, Mr. Talis.”
 
  “Get me my investigation,” Jayce insists, “I want a direct line to them. As councillor of Justice, Ill be very involved in the coming weeks.”
 
  “As you wish,” Hill replied, “I have to go take care of my people, Mr. Talis.”
 
  “Go,” Jayce said, clicking his phone off. Vis knock at his guest bedroom door made him start, twirling in his chair to face her.
 
  His guest bedroom was little more than a cot placed in the office, but hed sleep on cardboard for Caitlyn. Itd always been the case.
 
  “So, uh,” Vi began, hesitating, “Im Vi.”
 
  “I know. Wickett, right? Grab a chair.”
 
  Jayce rose to slide the chair over to her, taking a seat on the little cot as she eased herself onto the office chair in a weird perch, knee bent towards her chin.
 
  “Thank you for coming,” Vi said, “I know it meant a lot to her.”
 
  “Nobody could stop me,” Jayce replied, then, “hey, are you guys dating?”
 
  Vi nodded.
 
  Jayce nodded. “Do we need to do the thing?”
 
  “Thing?”
 
  “Im assuming Tobias was really gentle,” Jayce mused, “but I find that being gentle isnt always the best thing. I like to be a little more direct.”
 
  “What thing are we talking about?” Vi asked, though she was defensive, a little on edge.
 
  “Ah,” Jayce confirmed, “so Tobias 
  
    was
  
   gentle. The intentions speech — you know, where do you see the relationship going, et cetera.”
 
  “Caitlyns pretty capable of drawing boundaries,” Vi said, a little offended, “I doubt she needs anyone to do her talking for her.”
 
  “Sure, sure,” Jayce said, “but Ive never seen her this smitten — ever.”
 
  Vi stared for a moment, blushed deep, and rubbed her hand over her neck. “Okay.”
 
  “So, this time,” Jayce said, softly, “it matters a little more to me. You know? Just— try not to hurt her. Shes been hurt a lot.”
 
  “Im not about to go scissor kick her in the chest, pretty boy,” Vi snarked, “Im — lets call me invested. Ive wanted this — her — for a long time.”
 
  “Seems like its mutual,” Jayce acquiesced, and fell into comfortable silence for a moment — both looking at each others knees.
 
  “When I get back to Piltover,” Jayce said, “Im going to lay the smackdown. Im going to want blood in the streets. I need to know that youve got it handled over here.”
 
  “I do,” Vi said, “I mean — Im a 
  
    little
  
   over my head, but I do have it handled.”
 
  And she had. Jayce had witnessed her talking Caitlyn through her anxiety attacks — she averaged two a day when Jayce had arrived — smooth, quiet talking designed to draw Caitlyns attention down to earth but away from what ailed her, talking until the breathing levelled out and her gaze refocused.
 
  Caitlyns relieved smile to see Vi when it was over, the beautiful grin on her face, made Jayce think that no matter what, Vi had this covered. It gave him the confidence to leave, eventually — after wrapping a few things up first.
 
  First thing on the list was to say goodbye to Caitlyns parents, who hed always enjoyed immensely — ever since hed gone into Tobias back yard to find his own personal grow op.
 
  “You growing out here, Tobe?”
 
  “Not yet,” Tobias said, a gleam in his eyes despite the frown on his bearded face, “I dont know what plants will take to Zaun soil — especially this area. A fascinating challenge, though. I love starting over — you get to organise it however you want.”
 
  “He hasnt stopped talking about sections and strains and mouth feel and flavour for three days,” Cassandra put in, with a good natured eye roll and a fond hand on Tobias shoulder, “my little drug lord.”
 
  “Its hardly a drug,” Tobias scoffed, “its more of a life enhancement.”
 
  Jayce laughed, as he always did in their presence, and slid Cassandra a wink. He liked to wink at her now and again — it was always good for her to see what winks looked like as a frame of reference, so she could get started on fixing her own.
 
  The last task he had, however, was knocking on Viktors office door. The slender man glanced up from where he was typing, a small, hesitant smile on his face.
 
  “Ive got work to do too,” Jayce said, lifting a box of takeout, “wanna work together?”
 
  Viktor gestured to the cramped desk, a small, cautious smile on his sharp features. “By all means. Im just working on some lineups.”
 
  “You ever stop?” Jayce asked, sitting down to spread the food between them, “youve been a machine since Ive been here.”
 
  “The RHL never sleeps,” Viktor commented, taking a few forkfuls to his mouth as his eyes were glued to the computer screen, “and Sevikas got a lot on her plate with fielding weird Caitlyn themed questions.”
 
  “Mm,” Jayce responded, biting into his burger. “Well, if you ever stopped working, Id love to take you out sometime. Maybe when youre next in Piltover?”
 
  Viktor paused for a moment, glanced down at his food, then at Jayce. “What?”
 
  “Would you like to come out to dinner with me sometime? When youre next in town?”
 
  “Me?”
 
  Jayce raised an eyebrow. “Theres no one else here.”
 
  “Well, but youre… I mean, sure. Yes, if youll have me.”
 
  “I would,” Jayce said, smiling. “Itll be a good time — well go somewhere lowkey.”
 
  “Sounds fun,” Viktor said, distracted, staring at the bottom corner of his screen unseeing. Jayce leaned into his field of view, and said:
 
  “So, lineups?”
 
  “Ah. Yes, lineups,” Viktor murmured, “theres an intriguing challenge with the new War Horses. Trades always shake things up.”
 
  Jayce listened as the beautiful man talked about his nerdy hockey stuff, ate his burger, and tried not to stare too fondly.
  
  “As the scandal continued to burn forwards — blazing a trail along—"
 
  wewon1 is interrupted by a cat leaping upwards, rubbing its entire back along her face, and diving back towards the floor. She stares at the camera with a half smile on her face, eyes closed, beleaguered and exasperated.
 
  The footage cuts to a fresh wewon1.
 
  “As the scandal continued to burn forwards — blazing a trail along the RHL, the teammates of the Sumprats and staff in Zauns organisation started to come forwards and address the problems directly — problems with how the sports media portrayed it as two sides when really it was all about culpability, responsibility, and destroying a harmful system. I will note that Landsman went uncharacteristically quiet during this time frame — she went from addressing Kiramman and the Sumprats once a week to going completely radio silent.
 
  “The Sumprats, however, were far from silent.”
  
  “Graves, thank you so much for joining us today,” Jack Jackson said on the Tayl and Jack podcast. Graves was positioned between the two hosts, headset on and microphone in front of his bushy beard and moustache, a grin on his face.
 
  “Great to be here, you guys. Ive been a fan for a while.”
 
  “Oh, us for you, too. We were just talking about the penguin slide game.”
 
  “The penguin slide game was—”
 
  “It was so exciting.”
 
  “—Ive never seen anyone save a shot from that far away.”
 
  “It was mostly luck,” Graves said, “Ill deny I said this, but I actually tripped on the rush back to the crease so kind of flopped onto the ice. Im just lucky my stick was up.”
 
  The two hosts laughed as Graves continued, “No, seriously. Thats reason number eighty three why Ekko has the starting job = he doesnt trip while skating back to his own — can we swear?”
 
  “Fuck yeah,” Jack replied, warmly.
 
  “He doesnt trip while skating back to his own fucking crease.”
 
  “You really dont care that he has it?” Taylor asked, “I know that there are a lot of goalies — they tell me all the time how competitive the back up position is.”
 
  “Oh, if we were the same age or something — like, if I were his age, Id probably care a lot,” Graves admitted, “but like — listen. At a certain point, you get old, you get cranky. I dont want to stretch anymore — thats 90% of it. If I can avoid stretching, I do it. Im happy to sit back and ride some coattails because at the end of the day, that boy saviour — thats what we call him — is our best shot to get it.”
 
  “I love that,” Taylor admitted, “thats so refreshing and honest.”
 
  “If Ive earned one thing in my life,” Graves said, “its the right to be honest. And that — can we jump right into it?”
 
  “Sure,” Jack said.
 
  “Can I just start?”
 
  “Start wherever you want,” Taylor invited.
 
  “Alright. Hey, Gerry Gertrude? Youre a piece of shit.”
 
  The two hosts began to cackle with Jack saying 
  
    woah
  
   as Graves leaned closer to the microphone.
 
  “Gerry, that article you wrote shouldve been called “Ive Never Met Caitlyn Kiramman In My Life But I Love The Smell Of Terri Landsmans Farts. Why you pipsqueak reporters love to kiss the ground Terri Landsman walks on, I have no idea — what, access? Are we predicting a fucking media career for Terri Landsman or something?”
 
  “Has to be a back room deal,” Taylor acknowledged.
 
  “Like, this woman is 
  
    unhinged
  
  ,” Graves says, “and has been accused by eight — 
  
    eight
  
   — different skaters at eight different times of abuse, but Gerry, your wagons real hitched, isnt it? Youre gonna follow her off a cliff at this point since youve missed all the Turn Around Now signs.”
 
  “Gerrys a colleague,” Jack began.
 
  “Im sorry for ya,” Graves replied, “thats a real pity, because if he shit himself he wouldnt be able to smell the difference between his drawers and his articles.”
  
    
    
  

  Taylor howled with laughter as Jack wiped a tear from his eye, breathless. “I was— I was gonna say…”
 
  “Finish your thought,” Graves invited.
 
  “Gerrys a colleague, but I definitely thought that whole thing was very 
  
    pointed
  
  , in a not great way.”
 
  “Thats putting it lightly,” Graves said, and then added, “I know he googles himself — hes one of those guys who googles himself with random adjectives to see if he gets hits — so when he sees this I want to invite him to do what he always does and take to twitter with a tirade against someone. I have all the time in the world, Gerry — Im the backup tendie on a playoff bound team. I can tweet on the bench. I got nothing but time to tell you how fucked up your armchair psycho analysis is, and how irresponsible it is to put forward that bullshit when theres potential abuse.”
 
  “Amen,” Taylor said, still wiping tears from her eyes, “gods, I havent laughed like that in weeks.”
 
  “Hasnt been much to laugh about,” Graves said, “but Im serious about that, Gerry. Dont pick an insult war with a hockey player — we get paid to chirp and youre nowhere near bird enough to hang with me.”
  
  “Were back on the Ponted Star Live,” said Kelsey Persons, “Kelsey, Claire, and a surprise special guest — head coach of the Sumprats, Sevika.”
 
  “Thanks for taking my call, guys,” Sevika said, voice muffled and distorted by the phone she spoke into, “I tried to catch Danforth while he was on the air because I had some stuff to say to him, but I see he ducked it.”
 
  “Yeah,” Claire replied, coughing into a fist, “yeah sorry, Coach. We only have the one landline, so we cant support the group calls these days.”
 
  “Couldve sworn you could support them last year,” Sevika said, “considering that you had a four way call with Zac and Singed, but sure.”
 
  “Yeah,” Kelsey laughed, “okay, you caught us.”
 
  “Sure did. So Douglas Danforth is a coward and a liar,” Sevika intoned, “just so you guys know. You had a hump of a head coach who sucked at his job and took it out on the rookies around him, and now that hes had enough —cking around, weve entered the finding out.”
 
  “Coach,” Claire said, “were live — you cant swear here.”
 
  “Right,” Sevika laughed mirthlessly, “because were dealing with such a family friendly topic here.”
 
  “Coach,” Kelsey said, “what makes you say that Coach Danforth is a coward and a liar?”
 
  “Hes a coward because he runs from every public statement about what he and Terri Landsman did for a decade, and hes a liar because he calls himself a coach. Hes not a coach. Hes a simpering moron who conned his way into a job. The rest of the 30 coaches in this league are insulted to wear the same honorific as him. The sooner we stop calling old Dougie there a coach, the better were off. Thats all I wanted to say.”
 
  The line clicked, and Kelsey made a face at Claire.
 
  “Strong words,” Claire said, and then nodded at Kelsey, “what do you think?”
 
  “Easy to see why the team loves her,” Kelsey chuckled, “but okay. We do want to go through what Coach Danforth said before that phone call, because a lot of it doesnt ring true to us, either.”
 
  “Lets break it down,” Claire replied.
  
  Normally, the anthem was played before every single game — home or away — and the stadium would rise and place their hands over their hearts or sit very dignified or roll their eyes to get to the popcorn stand — depending on their level of patriotism. Zaun was an underfunded, oft—ignored city, and its citizens either ran very passionate about their country or jaded and grumbling.
 
  What this meant is that national anthems in The Last Drop usually were split fifty—fifty — half the stadium rising, the other half sitting. The Anthem was usually piped through the speakers — for local talent to sing it live, the stadium would stand respectfully — more out of respect for the singer than respect for the anthem itself.
 
  But in late March, after the post that revealed Caitlyns history with Landsman, after the interviews, and the press conferences, and a week of constant barrage of questions, concerns, accusations, defences. After a week of her teammates going on podcasts and radio shows to decry Landsman, after Sevika had called into the Pointed Star — the official podcast of the Lone Stars, Mel Medarda made a crucial change.
  
    
  
  
    
  
  The Sumprats stopped playing the anthem.
 
  Instead, a man in a stetson slowly approached the microphone, sat on centre ice, a guitar around his neck as he played a chord one string at a time. He looked up at the crowd, guitar—less, smiled, and sang in a crystal clear voice.
 
  “Well I wont back down,” he began, and strummed softly, “no I wont back down. You can stand me up at the gates of hell but I wont back down.”
 
  The arena began a dull roar as they leapt to their feet, the man grinning through his toothbrush mustache as he began to build a rhythm.
 
  “I will stand my ground, wont be turned around. And Ill keep this world from dragging me down, gonna stand my ground. And I wont back down.”
 
  
    HEY BABY
  
   the crowd roared as the lyrics popped onto the jumbotron.
 
  “There aint no easy way out,” the man crooned.
 
  
    HEY, I
  
   the crowd roared.
 
  “Will stand my ground. And I wont back down.”
 
  As the chords strummed, fading away into the background, the man lifted his hat off of his head and gestured it towards the crowd.
 
  “Caitlyn Kiramman,” he hollered, and the crowd went ballistic, thumping their seats and feet and the glass as The Last Drop began to vibrate, “were behind you. Give em all hell.”
 
  As the man walked back across the carpet, the cheer was heard, a familiar refrain across the cracked and dusty streets of Zaun, echoing across glass windows of office buildings and storefronts:
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
  
  “And so, that leads us to the present day,” wewon1 says, third glass of Old Fashioned empty, “where we stand is this. Coach Danforth was fired on March 11th, 2023, a disgraceful end to a 15 year coaching career in one of the greatest franchises in the RHL. Its too early to say what his legacy will entail, but with a criminal investigation following the RHLs investigation, dozens of voices and coaches around the league denouncing and decrying his actions, and the lack of respect hes seemed to garner, Coach Danforth might be known for the rest of his days as Douglas Danforth — winner only through his players merits and none of his own, carried by Caitlyn Kiramman to 12 years of playoff berths and zero championships. His replacement, Coach Lucian, has been earmarked for some time as a brilliant offensive schemer and a natural leader, and he and GM Matthew Hill are extremely aggressive at the trade deadline, looking to put the past behind them and focus on winning. They traded recently for Jax — a veteran goaltender with the Ironspike Mountaineers — in a bid to shore up their defences.
 
  “Terri Landsman was stripped of her captaincy with little fanfare, and the official Piltover Lone Stars website has her listed as a healthy scratch. There are some fine print details in her contract that say she cannot be cut or traded, and that theres a minutes minimum on her deal that states she must play a certain amount on the year, or the club is subject to fines. She hasnt played in a game since, but if thats true, shell likely see more ice time before the years out.”
  
  “Hey,” Terri Landsman said at the doorway, “wheres Doug?”
 
  Lucian glanced up towards her, glasses firmly attached on his nose as he looked down them at her. He watched for a moment before pulling them off of his face, waving towards himself.
 
  “Terri, come on in. Close the door behind you.”
 
  Terri snorted. “Getting comfy in the boss office, eh?”
 
  She closed the door, strode over to lounge in the high backed chair that faced the head coachs desk. Lucian leaned back in his chair, pulling his glasses off to set them on the desk, folded his hands behind his head — trying to appear comfortable, despite his racing heart.
 
  “Trying to,” Lucian admitted, “what was your question?”
 
  “Wheres the big guy? I have a question about my sweaters — someone fucked em up.”
 
  “Douglas Danforth,” Lucian said, “is no longer a part of our organisation. Matt fired him this morning.”
 
  Terri snorted. “Yeah right. Over the Kiramman shit? I told you guys that was all bullshit — doctored videos. You cant fire the guy for that.”
 
  “I didnt,” Lucian corrected, “Matt did. Someone had to go — five victims of abuse isnt something you can ignore forever.” Five victims so far, Lucian thought grimly. Who could say how many there were total?
 
  Landsman met Lucians gaze head on, a sneer fighting to make its way onto her face. “Youve gotta be fucking — he gave the club 15 years. How are we going to cut him loose like that? Thats not right.”
 
  “Mm,” Lucian replied, still watching her as she twitched and fidgeted and fiddled, looking for all the world like a kid forced to wait for a barber. “Evidently, management disagrees with you.”
 
  “So youre the man, huh?” Landsman asked, smiling. “Nice. Always liked you.”
 
  “I am the man,” Lucian confirmed, “and thanks, that means a lot to me.”
 
  Landsman had called him a buttfuck loser before when he was just out of ear shot. Landsman had tried to have Lucian fired twice — the same amount of times that Lucian had gone to Danforth about Terri. Lucian always had considered her a waste of a roster slot, had been incredulous that theyd taken her out of retirement — ownerships decision. Without Kiramman, they had to find a way to fill the seats.
 
  Terri Landsmans opinion and two bucks would buy Lucian a coffee. 
 
  It was worth exactly nothing.
 
  “So, big man,” Terri said, “Ill let you know if I need help running the show. Thats sort of how it works around here — you just stick back in case I need the big guns. Captains got to lead her ship, you know?”
 
  “I intend on giving the captain all the leeway she needs,” Lucian replied, slowly rocking back and forth in his chair.
 
  “Weird way to phrase it,” Terri said, “but anyways — I came in about my Cs. Those dipshits in Equipment forgot to sew them on the new batch of sweaters. Can you make sure to get them to put it back?”
 
  “No,” said Lucian.
 
  Terri snorted. “Dont big dick me. I dont want to do it myself — they wouldnt listen anyways.”
 
  “Theres no C to give,” Lucian said, firmly.
 
  Terris eyes narrowed, and Lucian saw it click behind her eyes.
 
  “The C was sewed on to the proper sweater,” Lucian continued, “Akalis. Shes been here two weeks and already has a great command of the locker room — I was genuinely impressed. You can see how shes got herself four championships.”
  
    
    
  

  “If this is about the fucking Kiramman shit,” Terri began, “Ill have you know youre making a mistake. I got teams of guys looking into it — when they find out its doctored footage youre gonna be crawling to me and begging me to take the C back.”
 
  Lucian kept rocking in the chair, letting the silence descend upon them. “Thats part of it,” Lucian said, eventually.
 
  “Part of it?”
 
  “The other part is that youre a shitty captain, Terri.”
 
  Terri growled. “Watch what you fucking say.”
 
  “Im head coach,” Lucian reminded her, “I dont need to walk around eggshells around you. Look around, Terri. Danforth, Quincy and Willis and whoever it was that you got to bend over backwards for you in management — theyre all gone. Youre all alone now — no goons to blow the whistle for, no influence to speak of.”
 
  Lucian leaned forwards, steepling his fingers. “The only reason — the 
  
    only
  
   reason — that youre still on this roster is that your contract is a Fort Knox of bad ideas. You have a minimum skating minutes stipulation that if you dont hit a number, the Lone Stars pay you an extra two and a half million, and this hockey club wont pay you another 
  
    dime
  
  . Matt tried to trade you, but even if you didnt have the moronic no trade clause, no team will touch you with a ten foot pole. Youre scorched earth, Terri. Youre radioactive.”
 
  Terri gripped the seat she sat at, stonily silent.
 
  Lucian leaned back. “So, orders from ownership are to sandbag you on my checking line. Youll play, Terri. Youll skate out there and eat up bodies and take hits and do all the shit that you made the rookies do — and as soon as were done with the season, youre out. Gone. Good luck with the criminal investigation.
 
  “Thats where we stand,” Lucian finished. Then, ignoring the adrenaline racing through him, he slowly leaned forwards, picked up a pencil, and put his glasses back on.
 
  “You can leave the door open when you leave,” Lucian invited, beginning to write again.
 
  The force with which Terri slammed the door knocked Danforths artwork off of the walls. Saved Lucian from taking them down.
  
  “The Sports Agents ethics board found Amara guilty of ethics violations,” says wewon1, crossing one leg over the other, “and she is no longer licensed to represent athletes as of this recording. Caitlyn Kiramman and the Sumprats still hold the 3rd seed — remarkably, despite all the drama, they have a winning record in March, and theyll be playoff bound as the days tick down until April.
 
  “Its difficult to say what I think of all this,” wewon1 concluded, “Im sad, and angry, and I want to see justice done. The RHL is my comfort in long days, and as wholesome as it has been to see the league and its fans come together for a worthy cause, it also highlights the grossness that still infects our league — the seedy underbelly that most of this is built on the backs of people who wont hesitate to exploit others. But I do want to sign off with a heartfelt thank you — to Caitlyn Kiramman, to Ty Montgomery, the second to come forward, to all those who called themselves One And Dones who spoke up and spoke out. Its not an easy thing to do, to shake off someone telling you that youre worthless, and garbage, and not worth their time.
 
  “Im thankful to them for sharing their story, so others out there feel comfortable feeling the same.”
  
  Caitlyn didnt have it today, and she knew it. The emotional labour of the month was finally taking its toll on her. It was hard to eat, harder to skate. She managed both — wolfing down her appropriate diet and showing up to morning skate and night skate, keeping her routine as close to what she was used to as she could.
 
  The media crunch had increased, cameras following her everywhere. Demands for interviews, piles of DMs, articles fabricated and true falling all around her as Caitlyn Kiramman and Abuse became well—searched terms for the entire month of March.
 
  Her parents helped ease her some — their quiet and easy companionship, their ability to talk about anything and everything that wasnt hockey related. Her teammates helped ease her even more, a constant reminder that she was safe with them, that she was well insulated, well protected. The gag order shed given them had been lifted the second that Terri had posted that vile video, and her teammates used their voices to their fullest abilities. 
 
  But the best of all of this, the best person to lean her head on and just breathe with, was Vi.
 
  Vi was stalwart, a constant source of calm comfort, forcing a bubble of chill around her for Caitlyns sake. It was so unlike the Vi Caitlyn had met when they were rookies — this Vi was mature, tired, and understanding. This Vi stroked with her big hands instead of balling them into fists. This Vi didnt get angry on her behalf — not where Caitlyn could see — and instead elected to be her strength, her person to lean on in a dark, dark time.
 
  Every day, she felt like she could breathe a little more, and it was like Vi was trying to lift the weight from her chest, fill her lungs for her, bring her a little closer to the sunshine to seize the day.
 
  But Caitlyn didnt have it today. Her shot was off by a few inches in either direction, she couldnt see the ice with the same intensity — she was pale, haggard, eyes darting around the ice as she tried and failed to recognize and track the play.
 
  But it didnt matter — not to her teammates. When Caitlyn didnt have it, her team did, in spades.
 
  When Caitlyn missed a crucial shot, Vi scored it with a feat of athleticism, leaning her body halfway around the net to bank the errant rebound off the post and in. When Caitlyn blew her defensive assignment, Riven was tearing past her in a blur of red and white, picking the offenders pocket with her stick and saving the play. When Caitlyn got outmuscled in her own end, Illaoi was there to literally lift the other player off of her and dumpster him into the boards, giving her the space to work the puck behind her own net.
 
  The game was a private disaster, but it was a team success. She marvelled at the way that Ahri commanded her unit, turning Mylo into a passing machine and giving Poppy the space to run the defence. They were a budget Caitlyn and Vi — they came up with the moniker themselves — and bridged the gap while their two captains were sat on wood. Ashe was brilliant, looking dangerous every time she had the puck. Thresh ate opposing centres for breakfast, his quiet, looming presence felt all the way up and down the ice. Darius seemed to never lose a draw, and when he did it was a trap — tangling the other forwards up until he could make a play.
 
  The wives, too, were amazing — Diana bagging two goals late off of crisp passes from Leona, the two doing a goofy handshake instead of a celly, gripping each others gloves and pumping in huge exaggerated motions.
 
  Caitlyn was off, and fucking up, and losing her battles, and her team around her still won with ease.
 
  She inhaled deep, exhaled fully, and smiled — wide and big. She missed Vi catching sight of it, and exhaling slightly herself, her shoulders lightening with the sudden lack of weight.
 
  When Caitlyn and Vi lay in bed that day — her parents guest bedroom, and Vi had been so amazing about that, too — Caitlyn reached over, grabbed at Vis hand, and pressed it to her lips.
 
  She thought about 
  
    I waited twelve years for you
  
  , and she thought it was her turn to be brave.
 
  “I love you, you know,” Caitlyn said, softly, in the space between them where secret fears could be whispered and hopes could be confessed.
 
  Caitlyn expected Vi to pause.
 
  She didnt.
 
  “I love you too.”

  
  

  
    End of Disc Three.
  




  
  
    July, 2022
  

  
    Day after the protection list is revealed.
  
 
  Akali was slamming open the front door to the War Stable — the pretentious name for the War Horses arena — and stomped her combat boots across the lobby, her head pounding and vision swimming with red hues. She ignored the elevator and took the winding staircase two at a time, her long legs eating up the distance between her and Bolboks office, angry steps echoing across the linoleum. When she reached the landing she waved at two of the cleaners on her way by — both scuttling to the sides to let her pass, but not fearing her. Akali never unloaded on anyone who didnt deserve it, but why tempt fate?
 
  Shed been pissed since shed woken up and checked the protection list, pissed as she showered and applied makeup and dressed and driven to the stadium. Shed been operating on a baseline of 
  
    pissed
  
   since the War Horses had fallen to the Knights in 7 games, hadnt been able to close it out. Shed firmly believed that theyd been 
  
    better
  
  , but Ahris injury had flipped the script, left them without one of their most steadfast people.
 
  When a team lost a player to injury — sudden, on—ice injury — it rocked the whole locker rooms confidence. It functioned as a sudden reminder that they were human, not gods, and had an extra serving of someone you cared about being seriously hurt at the drop of a hat, with nothing you could do or say to prevent it.
 
  Akali hadnt blamed her team — shed blamed herself, mostly. A captains job when something catastrophic happened was to right the ship, keep everyone level headed and focused on their goal. Shed done that successfully four of her eleven years as a professional hockey player, but hadnt come through when it had mattered.
 
  Ahris healing probably wouldve gone better if she had a chance to sit with the trophy.
 
  Bolboks door was already open, his desk clear and fingers steepled as if waiting for her. His brass face was usually unreadable, but the way the light hit it had him looking apprehensive — or maybe it was Akalis wishful thinking that hed be dreading this meeting.
 
  “I heard you down the hall,” he said as Akali burst into the room like a thunderbolt, standing over his threshold.
 
  Akali said nothing, just stared.
 
  “Now,” Bolbok said, “before you start, it was a hockey decision — it was nothing personal. I called personally to explain why I was making my decision, she thanked me, and we had a pleasant conversation about how well shes healing. Its calculated, Akali — the Sumprats arent going to take an injured player, and I can protect more of my roster from being snatched up. Its calculated, not personal.”
 
  The door slammed with a gunshot behind Akali as she stomped to his desk and leaned her palms against it.
 
  “If you believe,” Akali seethed, “that theres zero chance the new team takes a 40 goal scorer the past 3 years whos won three cups, youre one stupid motherfucker, Bolbok.”
 
  “You cant talk to me like that,” Bolbok churned out, his inflection never wavering.
 
  “Dont sell me the company fucking line. Im too smart for it, and Ahri is 
  
    definitely
  
   too smart for it. The woman may never play hockey again, is supposed to focus on her health and well being and working towards getting better, and you tell her that shes being put on the curb?”
 
  “The Sumprats,” Bolbok began, “have a rookie GM—”
 
  “Who worked for 
  
    you
  
   for a decade,” Akali snapped, “who knows Ahris value. Why are you really doing this?”
 
  “She wont take Ahri,” Bolbok repeated.
 
  “You really believe it? You believe that shell leave Ahri on the board?”
 
  Bolbok nodded. “All our simulations agree. Mel Medarda believes in players that can help her win now. Shes operated under the rule that injuries waste cap space and waste money, and has steered us — ruthlessly — towards only taking healthy players who have immediate impact.”
 
  “Yeah,” Akali hedged, “but that was the War Horse way. She did that because you demanded that. Whos to say what shell do when shes calling her own shot?”
 
  Bolbok tilted his expressionless face to the side. “That would be illogical.”
 
  “Sometimes,” Akali snarled, “people just do shit, dude. Also, did you forget about our talk last season?”
 
  “I never forget anyones discussions with me.”
 
  “The major reason I stay on Noxus,” Akali repeated, “is because Ahris here. If Ahri were to 
  
    not
  
   be here, I walk. You think on that while Im in my contract year. If the Sumprats pick her up—”
 
  “They will not.”
 
  “If they 
  
    do,
  
  ” Akali seethed, “Im as good as gone. You understand me?”
 
  Bolbok nodded. “I do.”
 
  “You did that woman so fucking dirty, Bolbok. Fucking calling her in the middle of healing about hockey shit — how dare you,” Akali seethed — more to herself than to him — as she pushed off from the desk to begin walking away.
 
  “Sell me a fucking song about what Mel Medarda does and doesnt do. By the way, I dont make idle threats.”
 
  She wrenched open the door, stepped outside, and began marching back down the carpet.
  
  
    August, 2022
  

  
    Day after the Sumprats Expansion Draft
  
 
  “You better fucking trade me,” Akali said as she stepped over Bolboks threshold again, “Im done in this town.”
 
  “Akali,” Bolbok began, but she held up a hand.
 
  “I stayed for one person. Shes gone. Trade me, or when I walk this summer you get nothing. Its been real, but youre a fucking asshole. Im not staying on a team that treats their players this way.”
 
  “Akali, it was a calculated risk—”
 
  “She gave you three cups. Hand delivered. She gave you nine years of her life. She gave you her fucking 
  
    back
  
  ,” Akali yelled, “and you dump her. Fuck you. Trade me. Trade me yesterday.”
 
  Akali left the office, the ringing in her ears too loud to hear Bolboks response.
  
  The Karaoke bar was empty — Poppy had called ahead and Claggor had given her the script on how to buy a place out politely for a few hours so your famous buddies could embarrass themselves without an audience. Bilgewater was a party city, and its employees were very used to this kind of treatment from visiting road teams, asked only for them to take a team photo and sign it when it was printed in return for the staff staying late to service them.
 
  When theyd arrived, Vi and Poppy had been pulled aside by someone who appeared to be the manager.
 
  “Theres no respectable way to say this,” the manager said, “but the staff here are losing out on tips for tonight because we lost volume. Do you think—”
 
  “No worries,” Vi said with a hand on his shoulder, “were big believers in tipping. What do you guys usually pull down?”
 
  “Usually three hundred to three fifty on a Saturday night.”
 
  “Well, tell ya what, Earl,” Vi said, having clocked his nametag — Poppy hadnt even seen her look — “I dont know if youve followed RHL news much, but my team has had a hell of a time this season. Keep the booze flowing and the ovens on and we can definitely make sure your guys get paid.”
 
  Earl nodded in thanks and hustled out to get the staffers together as Vi gathered her team — complete with Viktor, Sevika, and — interestingly enough — Mel.
 
  Poppy wasnt sure how Vi did it. There was a raw charisma to her that made people want to be near her, want to listen when she spoke. It was similar to the way that none of them could take their eyes off of Caitlyn when she was on skates — it was a beauty and an elegance and a tapped in nature that made you feel as though this person was different, special, someone you wanted to spend your time listening to or watching.
 
  Vi had also banned the cameras tonight, so the two documentarians were here — just shuttled off to the side, observing despite the lack of equipment. Poppy made a mental note to be annoying to them later.
 
  “Okay, gang,” Vi said, “nobody else is in the building, so its main room only — the staff have locked all the doors to the side rooms, so no sneaking off to perform secret ballads. You sing it in front of the Sumprats family, or you dont sing it.”
 
  “Nobody has to sing,” Poppy put in, “but if you need liquid courage, weve confirmed thats going to keep flowing. Dont be stingy with your servers — we dont want to set a precedent around here that the Sumprats are a cheap date.”
 
  The room roared in approval, clapping excitedly as Vi glanced at Caitlyn and raised her eyebrows. Poppys gaze went from Vi to Caitlyn like watching a tennis ball as the taller woman cleared her throat delicately, waited until the din died down, and spoke clear as a bell:
 
  “First rounds on me.”
  
  The servers liked hockey players, that much was evident.
 
  Well, specifically, the servers liked Riven. She was in a compression tank top and baggy jean shorts — a concession to the hot Bilgewater air despite it being mid March — and she was all back muscles and swagger. Many of the people that served them tittered at her casual flirting and suggestive sentences, casual touches were the norm as they laid a hand on her shoulder, bicep, and in one instance her thigh as they leaned across the table to stretch a drink across.
 
  Riven was paying them no mind, to her credit — Poppy had to grudgingly give her that. She was far too focused on downing drinks and ranting about the sports media.
 
  “Its not just Caitlyn, either,” she continued on, jack and coke sloshing against the sides of her glass, “if it was only Caitlyn thatd be somehow worse, but shes just the latest. The fuckin talkin heads always talked about me as if I were bringing girls back to bang them in a locker room two at a time.”
 
  “You did do that once,” Darius pointed out.
 
  “Once dont make a habit,” Riven grunted, “and I was a fucking rookie — we all fucked around when we were rookies. I was young and paid to be fit and hot and rich — of course Im going to try stupid shit. I think Ive evolved.”
 
  “Thats true,” Poppy mused, “before I met you Id assumed that you were an absolute dog, sniffing around constantly.”
 
  Riven pointed at her. “Exactly. But you dont even know the details of my sex life now — because Ive 
  
    evolved
  
  .”
 
  “I heard the same stuff about Vi, too,” Thresh rasped, “but shes clearly only had eyes for one person.”
 
  The table of players rotated as if attached to the same stick to see Caitlyn and Vi, sitting hip to hip, wrapped in each others arms as they watched the room. Fondness was etched into their features, a fondness that made Poppys heart burst with pride to be one of the object of these two amazing womens open affection.
 
  “Caitlyns such a good person,” Poppy said, rotating in her seat, “she doesnt deserve to be done dirty like this.”
 
  “Fucking Landsman,” Darius snorts, “cant wait till I get my mits on her.”
 
  “You gonna tune her up again, chieftain?” Riven asked, slapping at his knee.
 
  “I technically pre—tuned her, before I knew. Now that I know, though? Ill wait in line forever just for a shot.”
 
  “Why did the cap ask you to tune her up, anyways?” Thresh asked.
 
  “Because she said if she did it, shed kill her,” Darius said, somberly, “and she wasnt joking.”
 
  “I was sitting right there,” Riven put in, “and cap never cracked a smile — was serious as the grave.”
 
  “Spooky,” Poppy muttered, chancing a glance back at Vi — now staring at her girlfriend and whispering something that made Caitlyn laugh. “Hard to picture, but spooky.”
 
  “There are only really a few players Id never consider stepping to in a serious way,” Darius mused, “Sevika was number one, back when she played. If youve pissed Clagg off, you did something horribly wrong. And Sett over on the Ironfists has a really sharp left hook if you make him use it. But Vi is near the top of that list, right behind Sevika.”
 
  “Anyone need a refill?” their server asked Riven, her smile bright and shirt unbuttoned slightly more than it had been.
 
  All four players put their drinks forwards in thanks, slid a few dollars each in tips, and waited until she was nearly gone before Poppy looked at her teammates.
 
  “So,” she said, slowly, “if we see Landsman on the ice—”
 
  “Its a free for all,” Riven said immediately.
 
  “Its on sight,” Thresh confirmed.
 
  “Id love a second shot, but Im willing to wait if yall want it,” Darius demurred.
 
  Poppy nodded. “I doubt well see them again in the playoffs — their roster is a mess — but Im glad that were all on the same page.”
  
  
    Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column
  
 
  Ah, late March in Runeterra. Flowers are blooming, rain is constant, allergies are filling everyones sinuses, and it smells like Playoff previews.
 
  You all know its time to ramp up towards the playoffs, and I doubt anyones going to be shocked at who sits atop the throne for me, but lets try to be objective. For those of you who are new here and are watching hockey for the first time this season — looking at you, CaitVi twitter stans — heres how the playoffs work:
 
  The top 8 teams from each conference play one another in a best of seven series. If youre a higher seed, you get home game advantage — meaning that the first two games you play in the high seeds barn, games 3 and 4 are at the low seeds rink, and if we dont have a team with 4 wins yet, game 5 is high seed, 6 is low seed, and game 7 — if we need one — is at the high seeds barn again. At this point, the teams are totally set and ready to rumble, everyone has clinched with two games left to go, and were ready for when the Hockey season 
  
    really
  
   starts.
 
  So, why a playoff preview?
 
  Well, bluntly, because Im bored. The playoffs dont start for another eight days and Ive cast my MVP vote (if you didnt vote for Caitlyn Kiramman then youre a homer, or youre wrong, but I repeat myself (Im aware of the hypocrisy of that statement as a die hard Sumprats fan)) and Id also rather eat wood shavings than watch the last two games to watch the teams who made it rest their good players and the teams who didnt make it tank for a good draft position. 
 
  These are arranged from least watchable to most watchable.
 
  EASTERN CONFERENCE MATCHUPS: 
 
  The Pedestrian Series

 Targon Wildcats vs 6. Ixtal Axoltls

  Preview Blurb:
   The Targon Wildcats recovered from losing some solid talent to the Sumprats in the expansion draft, and the Axoltls managed to mediocre their way into a 6th seed with very little fanfare.

  Teddys View:
   God, I yawned typing that. Targons good this year but theyve got a flawed game around their two star forwards. But otherwise theyre absolutely lifeless and uninteresting, and this matchup is going to be a total wash.

  Prediction: 
  Wildcats in 5 games. Just get it over with, and quickly.
 
  The Kinda Interesting Series

 Noxus Warhorses vs 8. Placeholder No Names

  Preview Blurb: 
  Placeholder as a city are into their tenth year of not being able to decide on a team name for their incompetently managed franchise, and the only drama out of the Warhorses is that they suspended Raffi Cadoukian for his role in the abuse scandal for the year, so the Akali trade netted them nothing.

  Teddys View:
   I smell smoke coming from Noxus, but the No Names arent going to be the ones who unseat the titanic Warhorses from their finals streak. The No Names have no players to speak of and nothing to look forward to, and Noxus only highlight is a rookie tendie that cant score the goals for them.

  Prediction:
   Warhorses in 4 games. If this isnt a sweep, its panic mode time for Noxus.
 
  The Legitimately Fascinating Series

 Bangle City Red Pandas vs. 5. Ironspike Mountaineers

  Preview Blurb:
   This ones an absolute dogfight — you have a Red Pandas team that went on a tear in the last half of the season and is clicking on all cylinders versus an Ironspike Mountaineers team that has been frisky all year.

  Teddys View
  : Im legitimately excited for this series, but mostly because itll remind me of when I was a kid. These games are going to look like football matches — teams are going to win 1—0 and theyll be long and likely involve overtime. I think whoever makes it out of this series is going to the Eastern finals, and I dont feel very good about whoever has to meet them there.

  Prediction:
   Gun to my head, Mountaineers in 7. This one will go the distance.
 
  The Poetry In Motion Series

 Ionia Ironfists vs. 7. Piltover Lone Stars

  Preview Blurb: 
  The perennial rivalry continues with the Sett—led Ironfists facing off against their old, zombie nemesis, the team that Will Not Fucking Die. The Lone Stars won 9 of their last 10 games in order to make the playoffs barely, and are sitting incredibly pretty with their slapped together roster of traded—for players. 

  Teddys View:
   Folks, I dont know what to fucking tell you. If youd told me at the beginning of the season that Wickett and Kiramman would both not be on these squads and theyd 
  
    still
  
   be duelling Id have said so what but this kind of feels important. The Lone Stars might be the most hated franchise in the league for what the organization let happen behind closed doors, but GM Matthew Hill and new interim coach Lucian have shaken up the roster, poured out the bad blood, put their heads down, and gotten to work. Akali and Jax have had an immediate impact on this squad, and theyre… okay, theyre good. Theyre good at hockey. This team will not go the fuck away. And the Ironfists are also 
  
    very
  
   good, but Sett isnt Wickett and theyre still clinging to a smash mouth identity without the player at the nucleus of it all. I dont know how this is going to go, but it seems that if Ionia is finally going to make it out of the pitt of early playoff defeats, theyve got to go through Piltover one last time.

  Prediction:
   Wish I could say Ironfists in 5, but Akali is a winner, and the Lone Stars are chugging. Piltover in 6.
  
  “What do you know about Hill?” Sevika asked Mel, as the slender woman was sipping from a blue, slushy looking drink from a bendy straw, a dare from Viktor that had clearly gone the assistant coachs way. Viktor was currently deep in conversation about concert pianists with Claggor, Diana piping in with a surprising opinion from time to time. Poppy was sitting with her coach and her GM because it afforded her a better angle to watch the stage, where Darius and Riven were currently blasting through Grease Lightning to the applause and wild cheering of the Sumprats.
 
  “The new Lone Stars GM?” Medarda asked, setting her drink down and re—crossing her legs. Poppy hadnt really gotten to know her well — shed greeted Poppy to the team personally, like she had with everyone, answered all of Poppys questions about her future here as honestly as she could. Poppys contract was such that she was cheap and a long term asset, but Mel Medarda clearly had plans for her — wasnt shy about telling her that. Her agent was already sniffing an extension next season that would see Poppy as a solidly mid—tier forward, a place that shed never believed shed have gotten to when she was originally drafted.
 
  The yordle experiment, theyd called her, and Mel had sneered at the words.
 
  “Hes shrewd,” Mel was musing, “but hes honest — brutally honest. He ran the Axoltls during their most competitive seasons, was fired when the team changed hands. Its wonderful to see hes gotten another opportunity — him being on the Lone Stars is… less wonderful.”
 
  Sevika grunted. “Will he fuck with our draft?”
 
  “I very much doubt that were a high priority for him,” Mel murmured, “seeing as he seems content on trading every draft pick he has to keep the Lone Stars competitive. Trading for Akali and Jax says the owners want him to win now. That makes them formidable.”
 
  That got Poppys attention enough that her ear slowly lifted, an action that had Mel looking at her with a patient smile, drink back to her lips.
 
  “Sorry,” Poppy said, “I just — they traded for Jax, too?”
 
  “Yeah,” Sevika sighed, “just got the news today. The Lone Stars have a bona fide scorer and a leader, and one of the better tendies in the league.”
 
  “Wow,” Poppy muttered, “they really think they can make a run?”
 
  “Piltover hasnt missed the playoffs since 08,” Medarda said, “some owners believe that making the playoffs consistently is all that matters. Better sales, more tickets, more merch.”
 
  “Winning a boat isnt the bottom line,” Sevika muttered darkly, from experience, “making yourself filthy rich is.”
 
  “Do our owners think like that?” Poppy asked.
 
  Sevika chuckled. “Hammer,” she said, using her nickname for the yordle, “currently the city of Zaun is our owner. And they want a fucking cup.”
 
  “Were already on a short list,” Mel said, “of expansion teams that manage to make the playoffs in their first season. Not many in the four major sports do that. The way that were set up, we have young talent that were building on, we have the league MVP, we have one defensive player of the year candidate and two—to—four future candidates on our roster. The future of the Sumprats is looking incredibly bright.”
 
  Poppy nodded. “Sorry,” she said, not entirely sure why.
 
  “Let me worry about the future,” Mel said, smiling, “and let me worry about our owners. All I want you and the squad focused on is playoffs.”
 
  Thresh was standing on the stage after Darius and Riven leapt off, and Poppy saw him, downed her drink quickly, and said 
  
    thats my cue
  
   to the two women who ran her team. She hopped out of her stool, scurried to the stage, and grinned as Because I Knew You began to swell.
 
  
    Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column
  
 
  Now on to the good series — there isnt a single letdown in this conference because the West is fuckin 
  
    stacked
  
  .
 
  WESTERN CONFERENCE MATCHUPS:
 
  The Get This Off My TV As Soon As Possible Series

 Shadow Isles Assassins vs 7. Bilgewater Schooners

  Preview Blurb: 
  bilgewater is trash, assassins good

  Teddys View:
   I am so, so sick of this Bilgewater team. I cannot stand this style of gimmick hockey. I cannot stand the five forwards all skating in a circle style. I cannot stand their GM/Coach Gangplank being interviewed about his schemes for minutes of precious TV time. You want to know his schemes? Its a circle. Draw a circle on some paper and you have the Schooners entire gameplan. Circle constantly — in the offensive zone and the defensive zone. The Sumprats already showed you the blueprint on how to beat these guys — they didnt lose a single game against them on the season. You just hit them so they stop skating in a circle and they stand around on their skates looking lost and you stickhandle past them when they try to circle check you — IN OTHER WORDS, YOU PLAY COMPETENT HOCKEY AND YOU WIN. And you know who a good, competent hockey team is? The Assassins.

  Prediction:
   The Assassins will find a way to win this in 3 games, I swear to god. Assassins in 4 if they dont figure out how to do a mercy rule.
 
  The Forgone Conclusion Series

 Demacia Knights vs 8. Buhuru Serpents

  Preview Blurb: 
  The reigning cup winners in the Knights are back in the game with most of their roster, and the Buhuru Serpents are first time playoff contenders after 8 years as a franchise with a young and talented roster.

  Teddys View:
   This one is going to be a wrap and early, but I dont expect the Serpents to roll over. For me, its a matter of playoff experience — youve got a team of playoff hardened siblings all used to pressure versus a team of fresh rookies who have 6 playoff games experienced in total across the entire roster. The Knights will wax the Serpents, but the Serpents will gain valuable playoff experience, and will come back hungry next year.

  Prediction:
   Most will say Knights in 4, but Im putting respect on the Serpents name. Knights in 5.
 
  The Competitive And Electric Series

 The Void Stars vs. 5. Freijlord Wanderers

  Preview Blurb: 
  Sejuani and the Wanderers are still chugging along — the coach made a lot of noise about how the Void Stars are overrated and their home rink gimmick wouldnt save them for long. But the Void Stars are quietly competent and well coached, the Wanderers will have trouble beating them straight up.

  Teddys View:
   So, Sejuani can talk her shit — and I love it when a coach talks her shit before a playoff series — but theres a flaw in her logic. Now, she says that over a playoff series — seeing the same team again and again, you get used to the gimmicks and the home crowd and you settle in to play your game. But Id argue that the Void Stars gimmick actually is the opposite of that — if anything, they get more disturbing with time. The consistency is the thing that players hate — the looming standing ovations, the 
  
    shhhhhi 
  
  that explodes from the stands when good things happen, the ominous quacking that comes from the speakers at seemingly random intervals. The Voids fans love being weird and wild and spooky, and if they can make a team uncomfortable, they will. I dont know if the Wanderers have what it takes to actually win against the Void Stars consistently, especially not in their barn for the majority of the series.

  Prediction:
   Im giving it to the Void Stars in 6 — I predict theyll win all their home games and win one in Freljord to move on.
 
  The Narratively Pleasing Series

 Zaun Sumprats v. 6. Shurima Artifacts

  Preview Blurb:
   The Artifacts made it to the 6th seed and were hoping to catch the Void Stars, but the Sumprats went on the Streak to upset their dreams and now they need to face a red hot team that has nothing to lose and everything to gain.

  Teddys View
  : On paper, this may not seem like the most interesting series. On paper, the Sumprats have more goal scorers, better defenders, an MVP defender at the top of her game, and a Defensive Player of the Year candidate (likely winner based on her stats in the past 3 months). On paper, the Sumprats have a coach that has rallied her team around her and taken control of her players, made them play the season of their careers, from Claggor having more goals this season than the entire rest of his career combined, to Mylo who is on pace to finish the season with 26 goals (an incredibly respectable amount), the Sumprats are humming along because of her stewardship. On paper, the Sumprats have the lowest goals against in the league when Ekko is in net, and they force 2 turnovers a game 
  
    more
  
   than any other team. On paper, the Sumprats are a juggernaut who exploded at the right time. However:

  …I actually dont have a however. The Artifacts are screwed — I just wanted to explain how screwed they are. The Sumprats really feel like a team of destiny and I want to see how far this thing can go.

  Prediction:
   Sumprats in 4.
  
  “Any idea what shes about to sing?” Poppy asked out of the side of her mouth to Caitlyn, working on her sixth drink.
 
  Caitlyn was watching Vi climb on the stage, sunglasses that shed found somewhere over her eyes and a stetson on her head — again, produced from somewhere. Poppy had seen her talking excitedly with the manager of the place earlier, and the manager seemed equally enthused. Poppy had just assumed that she was going to prank Mylos drink with pop rocks and diet coke again.
 
  “No clue,” Caitlyn responded, idly. She had bags under her eyes, but they were less than they had been a week ago when the news first broke, when shed taken that first shaky step on the diving board and plunged herself into the cold depths of public scrutiny.
 
  Rum made Poppy poetic.
 
  “Ive been meaning to ask you, privately,” Poppy began.
 
  “If youre about to ask who wheeled who, Pops, I swear to god,” Caitlyn volleyed back.
 
  “Its a legitimate question,” Poppy insisted, “youre both kinda my hero. Its like hearing a story about how two aunts got together.”
 
  “Were not old enough to be aunts,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “You are so. Youre like, thirty five.”
 
  “Thirty two.”
 
  “Thats still old enough to be an aunt.”
 
  Caitlyn hummed, rested her chin in her hands, having not moved her eyes away from Vis form as she tugged her jeans further up her hips, twirled the microphone in her hand, and punched at the machine with a finger, searching for her song. She glanced up to see the manager of the club stepping up on the stage with a guitar, plugging it in, and whispering to Vi — a few words that had Vi grinning.
 
  “I wheeled her,” Caitlyn said, firmly.
 
  “Oh,” Poppy said.
 
  “And she wheeled me,” Caitlyn continued, “I think she approached me, but I sealed the deal first.”
 
  Poppy nodded, her ears flapping. Shed definitely had too much.
 
  “Okay, folks,” Vi said into the microphone, as two other employees jumped onto the stage with her — one setting up behind a keyboard, and another handing Vi a tambourine and sitting on a stool with an electric guitar, all of it being plugged in in various outlets, “this is a little unorthodox, but the selection I wanted to sing for you all — especially a special someone — isnt on this Karaoke machine, traditionally. But its important to sing, because it deals with a subject that I am 
  
    very
  
   passionate about.”
 
  Caitlyns head cocked with interest, and Poppy took a long sip of her drink. Beside them, Ahri flopped down — taking as much distance as she could in the bar to help her sensitive ears.
 
  “Whats she singing, Caitlyn?” Ahri called.
 
  “I have no idea,” Caitlyn repeated, “she just said it was her turn and leapt up.”
 
  Vi took a stance, both hands on the microphone as she watched over the Sumprats, and began singing.
 
  “Wake up in the mornin, when the sun shines in,” she croons, “half awake, half asleep until you chime in.”
 
  The manager began to strum the guitar, a folksy, country sounding tune. Poppy hadnt taken Vi for a country fan, and her eyes shot to Caitlyn curiously. Caitlyn was looking equally perplexed, her face frozen in confusion.
 
  “The clock striking its final chords,” Vi continued, her voice clear and beautiful, husky and slightly twangy, “so get up, get out, rise and shine for the house of the Lord.”
 
  “Is this a 
  
    christian
  
   song?” Ahri asked.
 
  Caitlyn shook her head in disbelief.
 
  “He knows where my dreams have been, but I still shower off that liquid sin. Down the road, chasin Sunday sunlight, wondering if youre feeling alright about last night.”
 
  “Oh no,” Caitlyn whispered.
 
  “I cant quite concentrate, sit up straight, were late, but my minds still back in my bed,” Vi sings, hopping off the stage to stand in the centre of the room as the makeshift band begins to get more into it, banging their heads and playing their instruments with a rising fervor. “The priest starts talkin, my soul goes walkin, I bow my head.”
 
  Theres a pregnant pause, and Caitlyn says, “Vi, dont you dare—”
 
  “Cause,” Vi belts, “as soon as I close my eyes, brings me back to my temple in between those thighs.”
 
  The room erupts into laughter as Vi points at Caitlyn, tilts her head upwards and closes her eyes like a pop star serenading a long lost love. “My mind does a full eclipse, and the world dissolves while Im worshipping your lips.”
 
  “Jesus christ,” howls Poppy as Ahri is curled in on herself with laughter, Caitlyns smile blooming beautifully as she shakes her head at Vis antics. Vi takes a few dramatic steps towards her, eyes bright behind her tilted down sunglasses.
 
  “Your flames get hotter, your holy water drips down your hips as it turns to Sundaaaaaay,” Vi belts, “so I get on my knees and pra—ay—ay—ay.”
 
  Vi saunters closer, pressing her hand to Caitlyns flushed face. “Get on my knees and pray.”
 
  “Youre an idiot,” Caitlyn shouts, to more laughter, love in her voice.
 
  “Father son, and the holy ghost,” Vi continues with the next verse, leaping back towards the middle of the room.
 
  “Im trapped with the people that I love the most,” Vi and the manager sing together — 
  
    harmonising
  
   for gods sakes.
 
  “I drift off and begin to dream, my thoughts streaming, your voice ringing, my body singin it back. Relax, when we first met I bet you never guessed wed be full speed ahead.”
 
  Vi spins to look at Caitlyn, crooks her finger towards herself as she begins to moonwalk backwards. “Now I cant get the taste of your sweat and your wet lips out of my head.”
 
  Caitlyn shakes her head even as Poppy and Ahri begin pushing her back and laughing, Caitlyn giving a token protest through her flaming face as she rises to her feet and begins to walk towards Vi as her teammates explode in applause, rising to their feet.
 
  “Cause as soon as I close my eyes,” Vi belts again, sliding on her feet towards Caitlyn until theyre hip to hip, her free hand taking Caitlyns and raising it in the air, “Brings me back to my temple in between those thighs. My mind does a full eclipse and the world dissolves while Im worshipping your lips.”
 
  The two begin to spin, a silly dance, Caitlyns laughing face and Vis over—exaggerated singing bringing the Sumprats to slam their glasses on their tables in encouragement.
 
  “Yor flames get hotter, your holy water drips down your hips as it turns to Sundaaaaay,” Vi warbles, her arm coming around Caitlyns waist to lower her into a dip — Caitlyn sashays her hair dramatically, one leg kicking out, selling it.
 
  “So I get on my knees and pray,” Vi croons, and the band transitions into a breakdown as Vi snaps Caitlyn back up towards her and immediately falls to her knees.
 
  “I kneel at the shrine,” Vi sings to Caitlyns crotch, making Caitlyn throw her head back in laughter, “I eat from the vine, drinking your wine, Im feeling your spine bending to my design and its all mine.”
 
  Caitlyn pulls Vis cowboy hat off to plop it on her own head and threads one hand through Vis hair as Vi tilts her head back, bringing her hands together in a praying motion. “Im begging you for one more crawl. I wanna feel your waterfaaaaaaaaaaaaaaall!”
 
  Vi leans all the way back and executes a perfect vibrato as she sings “waterfall” again, a display of talent that hushes the crowd as the band transitions to a slower, gentler beat.
 
  “Hush, dont make a sound,” Vi coos, jumping to her feet, curling a hand around Caitlyns back, her blush apparent — and having nothing to do with embarrassment.
 
  “The service is over,” Vi sings quietly, pressing her forehead to Caitlyns, displacing the cowboy hat, “and the kings been crowned. I manage just a soft amen, then I close my eyes…”
 
  Suddenly, Vi leaps backwards, skidding across the floor to shout—sing “to visit you and I again! The flames get hotter, your holy water drips down your hips as it turns to Sundaaaaay.”
 
  Vi hops back up to the stage, holding a hand out to Caitlyn, who takes it and joins her. “So I get on my knees and praaay,” Vi sings, tugging Caitlyn close by her belt loops, Caitlyns hand finding its way to Vis chest as Vi places the microphone back in the stand.
 
  “Get on my knees,” Vi sings, “and pray.”
 
  Theres a beat as the band finishes with a flourish, and the Sumprats erupt in applause as Poppy hops up and down, her ears flapping. Sensitive ears means that she picks up every single enunciated syllable of 
  
    you dork 
  
  that Caitlyn whispers to Vi, picked up by the microphone.
 
  She also picks up the 
  
    we need to leave, right now
  
   that Caitlyn says huskily, and Vis eyes widen through her sunglasses as she leans back to see Caitlyns smirking lips, flushed face, and darkening eyes.
 
  “Sumprats,” Vi calls, “Earl, Rebecca, and Dawn! Give them a warm hand for helping me out with todays number.”
 
  The Sumprats cheer as Vi takes Caitlyns hand, leads her off the stage, and steps to Claggor. “Were heading out,” Poppy hears, “you and Pops got it from here?”
 
  Claggor doesnt pause in his clapping to nod at her, claps her back as Poppy looks at Ahri — the other sensitive hearing person — and they widen their eyes at each other.
 
  “Never a dull moment,” Ahri laughs.
 
  “Youre telling me,” Poppy replies, whooshing out her breath.”
  
  On the DVD menu screen for Run at the Cup Disc 3, the selection icon drops past Play, past Scene, and hovers over Extras. Extras is selected, and the first option — a message from wewon1 — is highlighted. That too is selected, and wewon1 appears on the screen, waving.
 
  “Hi, folks,” she says, waving, “so if youve found this video, youre probably wondering about the random black girl that showed up near the end of Disc 3 in your miniseries about hockey lesbians. I hope that it wasnt too much of a tonal shift — Powder, Lux and I talked for a long time about how to incorporate it into the narrative in a way that didnt feel too intrusive.
 
  “Basically, I was approached by GetJinxed after they wrapped on editing. Wed worked together on Wooden Horses — I worked research on it before starting my RHL YouTube channel — and they said that since my video covered most of the stuff they wanted to include, they asked if I minded it being used in the final product. I said that Id be honoured, and thats why theres a little wewon1 in your Run at the Cup.
 
  “Some final thoughts before I go,” wewon1 continues, “I want to thank everyone who stood by Caitlyn Kiramman and the Sumprats as they went through the difficult process of dealing with the press. The fans reaction to the entire scandal was constant proof that despite the ugliness from inside the RHL, there were good people that made up the fandom of the RHL who were ready and willing to fight the good fight, and without you, the outcome couldve been vastly different.
 
  “Keep demanding accountability. Keep fighting the good fight. Because with us together, were so much louder than any commissioner or shitty coach or awful GM combined. Thanks so much, and I hope you enjoyed.”
 
  The camera flickers to a black background with the wewon1 logo on it, before disappearing. After two seconds, the main menu appears again.
  
  When the karaoke bar is quiet, when the last of the Sumprats are filing out to their ubers and Poppy is tipsily standing with Thresh watching Diana, Leona, and Mylo squeeze into an Uber XL to be taken back to their hotel, they get a moment to sit on the Bilgewater docks and look up at the unpolluted skyline, a sight they never took for granted now that they lived and worked and fought their battles in Zaun.
 
  “Its so nice here,” Poppy said, “youd think itd be peaceful but instead its party city.”
 
  “The vibe is nice,” Thresh agreed, his hands in his pockets. Poppy grinned up at him.
 
  “You like the vibe in the Void, your opinion means dick.”
 
  Thresh shrugged. “I like quiet spaces. Thinking spaces.”
 
  Poppy hummed, and was about to snipe back with something about Threshs brain being silent too, when a gasp was heard around the corner, followed by a quiet moan.
 
  Thresh raised her eyebrows at Poppys twitching ears. “What—”
 
  Poppy shushed him as another quiet gasp sounded, a low voice whispering something muffled — maybe into the neck of someone else?
 
  “There are people making out in the alley,” Poppy hissed.
 
  “But the teams gone,” Thresh said, checking Claggors list, “All the players are accounted for — except you and me.”
 
  Poppy thought about that for a second, her murky, booze—soaked brain trying to churn out a rational explanation as Threshs eyes widened.
 
  “All the players,” he muttered, looking down at her.
 
  Poppy widened her eyes, too. It couldnt be.
 
  Thresh searched around them for a piece of debris, found a rock that was hastily cast aside in unfinished construction, and heaved it off the dock to make a big splash. The moaning and gasping immediately silenced, and Poppy and Thresh stood facing one another, waiting for the last Uber, trying not to laugh.
 
  Sevika emerged from around the corner, glancing around, prosthetic arm shining against the brick building of the bar. “Who— oh, Thresh, Pops.”
 
  “Coach,” they said in unison, nodding.
 
  “I was just— you guys are waiting on a car?”
 
  The sound of straightening clothing, buttoning jackets, came to Poppys ears and she bit her lip. “Yep. Four seats in this one — you coming with?”
 
  “Uh,” Sevika said, “Ill — you know, Ill catch up with you guys.”
 
  “You sure, Coach?” Thresh piped up, being incredibly mean. “Itll be here in two minutes.”
 
  “Reynaldo will be here in three minutes in a Void Supreme,” Poppy confirmed.
 
  “Supremes a six seater, Coach. Plenty of room. You wont even smell Poppys boozy breath.”
 
  Sevika rubbed her hand across her face. “Yes, Im fucking sure.”
 
  As she barked that out, Mel walked around from the opposite corner, looking put together, serene, except a few flyaways and a button shed missed near her navel. “Oh, I thought I was the only one still here,” she said, sounding rehearsed, “I just got caught in the bathroom.”
 
  “Well,” Sevika started, but seemed to run out of runway on that sentence.
 
  “You staying at our hotel room, Ms. Medarda?” Thresh asked, voice full of innocence.
 
  “Weve got an uber in a minute if youre down,” Poppy said, raising her phone.
 
  “Thats quite alright,” Mel murmured, “I have a car coming to collect me. Early flight, you know.”
 
  Sevika didnt volunteer anything else as the Uber pulled up, and Poppy and Thresh decided to have pity at the same time, via a shared look.
 
  “Have a good night, guys,” Thresh called, as Poppy touched her navel and mouthed 
  
    button
  
   to Mel.
 
  Mel glanced down, stared for a moment, and slowly thumbed the button into place as Thresh and Poppy clambered into the car, and it drove off.
 
  “Holy shit,” Thresh said.
 
  “Holy shit,” Poppy replied.
 
  They stared at one another, and burst into gleeful laughter as the car took them back to the hotel.




  “Hit the lights,” Mark called, holding onto the sides of the ambulance as Jasmine gunned the ambos engine, pulling out of The Piltover Lone Stars like a horse at the starting gun, lurching forwards. Mark held the gurney with one hand, checking the equipment — read as solid — as the woman strapped to the gurney reached out, held the passengers hand. “How is she?” Jasmine called. “Looks pretty bad,” Mark replied, gazing down at the woman on the gurney, her face grit with pain, “dont worry, maam, well get you taken care of as soon as we can.” “Fuck, second finals in a row,” Jasmine muttered, “what are the odds?” “Pretty high,” Mark replied, “they travel with knives on their feet.” The two women were whispering to each other, touching one anothers faces, urgent. Mark turned to give them more privacy, turned his ears off — a skill he was used to, riding an ambo for as long as he had. “This looks much better than last years — I heard she couldnt feel her back when they loaded her up.” “Better, but not by much,” Jasmine grit back, hitting the horn as they blasted through an intersection, swerving into Piltover general. “Whats the teams name again?” Mark asked. “The  Sumprats ? Jesus, Mark, do you live under a rock?” “Im not really a sports guy. Sumprats. Thats such a silly name. I love it.” “Well,” Jasmine said, “were lucky enough to be giving both of the team captains a ride at once.” Mark glanced back at the two women, sharing a teary—eyed kiss. Through the lips of one to the other, the whispered, choked words could be heard — whispered but echoing in the rattling back of the ambulance as it took a sharp turn.  Im sorry , one of the women was whispering, over and over again. “You dont say,” he muttered. 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  April
   Round One: The Tone
  Its not how you start the season, its how you finish. —   Albert Pujols

When it was all said and done, this is where the RHL season began — the quiet days before the puck dropped in the first playoff game. Zaun had managed to go on such a tear that they were comfortably in third place in the conference, their last two games on cruise control against other playoff bound teams — the games more about avoiding injury instead of making any kind of statement. Playoff hockey was a test of endurance as much as skill — you played a game every other day against the same team between four and seven times, and the intensity only ramped up. In the regular season, you could go weeks without saying the same roster again, depending on which division and conference they called their home. The only way to form rivalries were either games that got out of hand, or through years and years of competitive hockey. But in the playoffs, you saw each other so often that you got to know the other teams tendencies as much as your own. Shifts got longer, benches got shorter as coaches played only their best, fighting for three twenty minute periods to come out on top, scrabbling, clawing, adjusting their schemes and re—adjusting when they were countered, over and over and over again until one team walked away. Unlike most of the major 4 sports, Hockey featured upsets — lower seeded teams came out on top all the time, fueled by the fact that nobody believed in them to begin with. The playoffs were an ever shifting, ever changing amalgamation, an animal that refused to be tamed. Gamblers held their heads in their hands and prayed, experts floundered in front of the big lights of network TV as prediction after prediction went south. Vi loved the playoffs, because the playoffs made sense — prepare, work hard, and you benefitted. Slack off, get lazy, and you paid for it. For the first time in weeks, she kissed Caitlyn goodbye at Caitlyns front door to lock herself in her house for twenty four hours of film watching. It was a yearly ritual that she always did — going through her opponents entire roster with a twenty four pack of Mountain Dew Code Red, watching film on every skater on their bench with her notebook and taking meticulous, intricate notes about tendencies, where they liked the puck, how to slow them down to a crawl. Caitlyn had offered to go with her, but Vi had refused with a smile. “Do you really think that wed watch film if you were holed up with me for a full day?” Caitlyn had raised her eyebrows. “You really dont take a break?” “I really dont,” Vi had confirmed, “I go straight through. I like being alone when I do it so I can just focus on me.” Caitlyn watched her, slightly pink. Vi watched back. “That does it for you, doesnt it?” “Go watch your stupid film,” Caitlyn had muttered, “Ill see you at home when youre done.” Caitlyn said it casually, easily, and Vi froze up at the prospect of this place being home — of their situation being permanent. Old instincts flared up, instincts that told her to  run, girl, run , but she quelled them, steadied herself as she shook out her wrist and smiled. “See ya, love you,” she said, the words still new on her tongue, still sweet. Caitlyn beamed at her every time she said it, and Vi could feel the stupid grin on her face whenever she heard it through Caitlyns voice. “Love you too,” Caitlyn said as Vi hopped into her truck, waved at the two old birds who lived next door to Caitlyn, backed out of the driveway in her SUV, and headed home. Being alone in her car, without Caitlyn for the first time in two weeks, was an interesting sensation. On the one hand, the quiet was nice — not that Caitlyn wasnt capable of silence. Vi did her best thinking, her best comprehending, when totally alone. Other people usually penetrated her quiet and made her feel like she was computing things slower, needing to work harder to find conclusions — especially when they had legs to the sky, towered over her, and were sculpted like greek goddesses from hockey and a workout regimen theyd stolen wholecloth from Vi. On the other, Vi mused, Caitlyn in her space was comforting. It was the comfort of knowing someone well — more than shed anticipated when theyd started this slow slide from people who fucked sometimes to Partners with a capital P. The more she had it, the more she wanted it — hair up and hair down, damaged or whole, intense on the ice and relaxed outside of it. Shed fallen into domesticity like a tired dog, content to nap all day in the sun instead of sniffing the neighbours gardens. If her college friends, Vi thought, could see her now. Theyd assume she was replaced, brain zapped by some alien being and sent back to Venus. As Vi pulled onto her street, there was a familiar beaten up old pickup in her driveway, and the sight sent her anxiety into overdrive. Like a river of cold water, the good, fluffy feelings of dark hair and deep eyes and gapped teeth were washed away, leaving uncertainty, cautiousness. Powder was here. Vi turned off her SUV, sat in the driveway behind the pickup. There was a blue head above the driver seat headrest, Powders eyes — staring in her rearview, right at Vi — hidden behind welding goggles that shed converted into sunglasses. One tattooed forearm was hanging from the driver side window, her purple and blue painted nails drumming against the rusty body. Vi placed her hand on her inside door handle, and popped the door open, stepping out of her car at the same time Powder twisted to hang out of the truck window, putting on a familiar, manic green that Vi knew so well — the grin that said she was close to crying, but needing to push through. “Pow—” Vi started. “Hiya, sis,” Powder crooned, “I didnt know if you were  ever  coming back. I wondered if Legs overrode your playoff brain.” “What are you doing here,” Vi asked, deciding to ignore the  sis  for now. Last she checked, Powder said she had no family, and it was the last interaction theyd had — alone — since… 
   A screen door echoing like a gunshot. A wet fist around Vis heart. Things left unsaid. 
 “I wanted to talk to you,” Powder said, and reached behind her to pull a camera bag forwards. “I wanted to talk to you on camera.” “Ive got to prepare,” Vi said, cautiously. “Oh, you can spare an hour — just delay the 24 hour hockey binge for little old me.” “Okay, let me rephrase,” Vi replied, “I dont want to do this right now.” “And why is that?” Powder cooed. “You scared of me, Vi?” “Never,” Vi said, honestly, “but I dont think I have the spoons to be interviewed right now.” “Spoons,” Powder mused, “you know, Ive always wondered why we settled on spoons. Forks are right there — hell, you could say marbles. That even has mental connotations — Ive lost my marbles, et cetera.” “I dont know,” Vi said, testily, “but Ive placed my boundary. I hope you can respect it.” “Okie doke,” Powder said, tossing the camera back inside her truck, “no camera, no interview. Lets just talk.” “Talk about what?” Vi asked. “What, do I need a—” “Powder,” Vi snapped, “you havent talked to me properly since you started filming this doc. Youre not here for any casual reason —  what do you want .” Powder looked like she was slapped, and that big grin got bigger, the shaded goggles keeping Vi from seeing how watery Powders eyes were, how emotional she had been. But the smile gave it away — the wider it got, the harder Powder tried, the bigger the explosion would be. I dont have any family, Powder had snarled, and Vi had worn much the same expression, hurt beyond words, rubbed raw by it — by a plane ticket purchased but never used, discarded in order to focus on hockey, focus on what shed been told — been honed — to focus on since she was five. A black suit rented, never worn, and returned the following evening. A black card with Vanders name, a date memorised but the card tossed away as soon as the tears had stopped. Poisonous words screamed through an open screen door at a mans retreating back. Choked pleading whispered as she helped a young woman through it. Vis arms came around Powder before another sound could be uttered, and Powders hands wrapped around Vis waist as she stood on the drivers seat and kicked off so that Vi was holding her aloft in a crushing hug. Powder ripped the goggles from her eyes as she pressed her face into Vis neck and collar, snot already forming on her face as her thin, reedy body racked in a single sob. “Oh, baby,” Vi whispered, already choking up, and Powder squeezed desperately, wrapping herself in Vi as Vi wrapped her arms around her sister — always her sister — and shielded her from the world. She suddenly saw herself taking that flight, wearing that rented tux, showing up on the date memorised to the address on the black card and doing this while Powder was wearing formals of her own, the two holding one another before a stone grave, a grave of a man whod given Vi everything, but offered Vi nothing. There was no words passed between them — not when they separated, Powder clearing her throat, wiping at her eyes, shaking her head. They didnt speak when Vi moved her SUV so Powder could get out of the driveway, red eyed and snot nosed. They didnt converse when Powder got back out of the truck, gripped Vis forearms, and gave her a fierce, questioning look — a look about speaking, about settling this thing between them, this ugly boil that had festered and long since deserved lancing. They didnt talk when Vi nodded. Powder backed out of the driveway, drove away, and Vi stood on her sidewalk, her own tears unshed as she pulled her cell phone out of her pocket, pressed a contact, and lifted it to her ear. “Miss me already?” Caitlyn asked, and the wet fist unfurled around her heart, and Vi felt herself smile.  A YouTube video is shown, titled Post Landsman Scandal Karma Compilation. A digital cursor is seen flying towards the play button, clicking it as on—ice official RHL footage plays. Landsman skates in a home jersey, coughing up the puck as shes suddenly slammed into by a Shurima Artifacts player with a scar along her jaw. Landsman tries to get up immediately but the Artifacts player slams her back down to the ice, throws off her gloves, and begins feeding punches into Landsmans turtled form as the home crowd begins raining boos and the whistles of the referees begin to sound urgently. “Ah — well, we knew this was coming,” Marv Alliston says on the call, “lots of temperatures flaring out there at Terri Landsman.” The on—ice footage cuts to Akali, standing by her bench, looking up at the jumbotron with her mouthguard half—hanging out of her mouth, it twitching lightly as she appears totally disinterested. Not a single Piltover Lone Star skates over as Landsmans backup, instead the camera pans to a younger skater on the Artifacts bench — COOKE on her jersey as she crouches with her stick across her knees, staring at the beating with zero expression. “Yeah,” Danielle Bergman says, “with Audrey Cooke being one of the players to come forwards in the scandal and her younger sister on the Artifacts, this was an inevitable outcome.” The refs manage to separate the two players as the Artifacts enforcer spits curses at Landsman, Landsman smirking as she kneels, having thrown a few punches herself, escorted to the box. The enforcer is ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct, and as she leaves the ice theres a small, icy smile on her face as the Artifacts tap their sticks on the bench in respect. Akali skates towards Cooke and taps her skate as she glides by. Cooke nods at her, and the two teams line up for the puck drop. The footage then cuts to an Assassins versus Lone Stars game, Landsman standing in Braum Doormans crease, blocking his view as the Lone Stars go on the powerplay. Braum smacks her in the back with his stick, shoving her forwards, and she digs in. Braum hits her again, then begins pushing his stick at the back of her helmet, forcing her to tilt her head downwards. She turns around to bark at him, and Braum swings his blocker in a high arc, hitting her in the face. Landsman skates back a stride, still barking when Braum pulls his helmet off and chucks it at her, moustache free and face contorted and angry as he shakes his trapper and blocker off, looking ready to go. Landsman shakes her gloves off and is about to advance on Doorman when an Assassins defender races past and slams his shoulder into her, holding her jersey to keep her away from his goaltender. Landsman and Doorman keep barking words at one another — Doormans lips clearly reading  you coward, you chicken shit, you chicken shit  as referees separate the two players, the action on the ice quieting down. The footage cuts to Jax in a Piltover Lone Stars jersey, leaning casually on his stick, looking unimpressed. A new shot — Landsman scoring on a wobbly pass to take the lead in a close game, and she straightens with a smile, adjusts her helmet, and skates back towards the bench. No celebration occurs amidst her or her teammates as she sits back down, drinks some water, and stares with a vaguely angry expression towards the ice, eyes blank. Landsman charging across centre ice to lay a big hit on Garren, who dekes her so hard she careens into the glass and cracks it all the way up. The play stops due to the unsafe glass and Garren slows down, doesnt spare Landsman a glance as he starts skating beside Shani Adler, explaining something to her with both hands on his stick. Shani asks him a question and he continues talking as Akali joins them, listening for a few moments and adding in her two cents. Landsman clambers to her feet moments later, rolls her shoulders experimentally, skates towards the faceoff circle, and then towards the bench as Coach Lucian flags her down.  When Vi emerged from her hidey hole, filled to the brim with hockey knowledge and with a sugar hangover the size of the Void, she ordered some breakfast for delivery and ate it at her kitchen counter, her nose buried in her notebook as she went over the chicken scratch of the Artifacts main points of attack. They liked to operate from the low side, tried to probe the goalies weak points with off—angle shots to try and capitalise on the rebound.  They were a weak team crossing the blue line, and thats where Vi would focus her efforts — leaping on passing lanes and forcing them to keep the puck and skate it in, funnel them to Illaoi, Clagg, Leona — even Caitlyn could handle herself, her defensive numbers being so much better than they had been in previous years. Their D—line was solid, their defence smothering all throughout their roster with pops of goal scorers to keep them in the shot battles.  There were times when Vi would head into the playoffs with a pit in her stomach, knowing itd be an upwards battle, but determined to fight it regardless. There were times where she felt like she had a decent group, but there was always the looming spectre of Caitlyn and the Lone Stars waiting for her, the dragon that she hadnt been able to slay. But this group? Caitlyn made anything feel possible. Sevika made it feel achievable. Mel had built the roster to compete, and they had forged themselves into an identity, a bruising, punishing team that could score goals and keep a lead for long stretches. She finished her breakfast and tossed her containers, then opened up two duffel bags and a backpack, brought them with her to her bedroom. Systematically, she began to fill the bags with clothes, toiletries, workout equipment. Her laptop, her handheld game system, a few electronics that Caitlyn didnt own yet — a universal remote. Her electric toothbrush — shed been using a spare at Caitlyns and had left hers here as a last line of defence of sorts. It wasnt moving in with a girl if your toothbrush was at home. When she was done, she had the three bags full of her life, the most important items. She loaded her SUV with the stuff, added in two lamps and some wall art that Powder had made early in her high school years, knowing exactly where in Caitlyns house they could go. She stood in the centre of her shitty little house, walked the emptiness for a few minutes, felt her heart pounding in her chest as she observed the lack of  Vi  in the space — how easy it was to pack herself into three bags and disappear. Vid never been one for roots. But she walked towards the water valve, stared at it. Walked to the breaker to stare at it, too. Itd be practical to shut them off — save power for as long as she was here, in case she didnt get extended in the off season. Itd be better for the environment, too — better on the bill, better and smarter and just. Itd be better. Vi left without a backwards glance, locked the house up with the power and water still on, got into her SUV and headed out into Zaun. She had a text from Powder that said  we should find time to talk , and that weighed on her mind as she waited at a red light, drummed her fingers on the wheel, full of nervous, agitated energy. When she pulled up to Caitlyns house, she put the backpack on, the two duffels filling her hands as she used the motion sensor to close the trunk, took the eight long steps to Caitlyns porch, knocked on the door out of courtesy before working Caitlyns key out of her pocket and unlocking it. “Hey, Im home,” she called, tossing her keys next to Caitlyns in a small dish next to the door, setting her bags down inside and toeing her shoes off. Caitlyn appeared out of the doorway of her office, a smile on her face as she descended the stairs coming to meet Vi on the ground floor as the shorter woman shrugged out of her jacket, folded it over the back of a chair. “Hi, welcome back,” Caitlyn said, giving her a peck on the lips, “Im just in the middle of a game, so—” Vi waved her off as Caitlyn scurried back upstairs — must be a multiplayer thing — and lifted a paper from the kitchen table, the sports section removed. Caitlyn and her would talk later — after Caitlyns match was over and she was more focused, present. Vis power and water were still on at her place. Settling into the chair, Vi began to read.  “I love me some playoff hockey,” Ahri says to the camera, grinning, her fur gleaming on her ears as they twitch idly, “its the best, most exhilarating game in town. I genuinely wasnt sure if Id ever be back here, but Im so excited to share it with my new teammates.” “I havent had a ton of experience in the playoffs yet,” Ashe says, scratching her nose as she sits cross—legged, hi—top sneakers folded beneath her on the stool, “this will be my second time ever. But Im more ready this season, I think, than I have been ever in my life.” “Its my first go—round in the playoffs,” Ekko says, “and Im nervous as hell.”  Fuck that, youll do fine!  Graves hollers from across the room, as Ekko laughs, adjusting the scarf around his neck as he shrugs. Graves comes into the frame, blurry, and points to the lens with a final  hell do amazing  before blurrily making his way back behind the camera. “Some people are  very  confident in me, though,” Ekko says with a wink, “and that really helps. I just hear everything gets a lot tighter, a lot more intense.” “Zaun is going to be a fucking madhouse,” Illaoi says, “I have never been in a building as loud as The Last Drop, ever — and I can only imagine how insane itll get around here with playoffs looming. We already have the loudest fans by decibel in the league, apparently — I saw this tweet today that says were louder than  Noxus . Its so crazy.” Illaoi listens for a minute, scratching at her ear with her pinky as her silver chain shifts on her collarbone, her muscle tank beneath her blazer appearing so bright it looks like the moonlight reflected back at the lens. “Itll be my first trip to the playoffs in the show,” Illaoi says, “I just need to play my game. Were going to be rattled in the first game — all the leaders said so — but well settle into it.” “Im so close to my goal,” Mylo says, grinning, “and if I keep playing like this, Ill make it. Its my first trip, too — but I can smell the 30 goals on the horizon. I just— I want to compete in this league forever, you know? I want to prove I can do it.” The footage cuts to a post—game presser — the last game of the season wrapped up, 2—1 Sumprats over the Placeholder No—Names, a game where most of the teams lower minutes players saw ice time as both clubs were cruising into the playoffs without much to play for. Claggor was sitting in a comically tiny booth, taking a good three minutes to adjust in a tiny chair before deciding to just loom over the microphones, smiling awkwardly at himself. He nods to the reporters as one clears their throat. “Claggor, Dave Derby, ESPN — the Sumprats are an interesting mix of playoff veterans and relatively green, new blood players. With playoffs around the corner, are you worried about the production of your less experienced players?” “No,” Claggor says, “weve been preparing them all year for this — Caitlyn, Vi, Poppy and I.” Claggors voice continues over footage of Caitlyn and Vi drilling emergency situations into the young stars — what to do when the clock was winding down, when the crowd got loud, when your legs were exhausted and you couldnt get air. “Weve prepared them as best we can for the pressure of the playoffs, and we know that theyre silk steel, soft and strong.” Claggor walking Illaoi and Thresh through body assignments — how to drop the shoulder, how to protect the puck when in a corner, where to fire the puck to kill precious seconds of the game clock. “So I absolutely dont worry — not at all. Im excited for it, honestly. I think once they get on the ice against the Artifacts, theyll realise that theyre capable of great things out there.” Viktor and Sevika in front of a room full of Sumprats, pointing between a flat screen television depicting game film and a chalkboard full of circles and arrows. Viktor underlines something on the board as Sevika points to the screen, gestures to Poppy and Mylo, mimes a poke check as the players nod. Thresh wipes a hand over his mouth in concentration, Vi makes a note on her notepad, and Caitlyn steeples her fingers on a small desk, leaning forwards, an intense look on her face. Back in the post—game press room, Claggor smiles. “The Artifacts are the ones who should worry. The league should worry. Nobody predicted wed be here — in a high seed in the playoffs in our first year. As far as Im concerned, were the most dangerous team in the league.” He nods, looks for his next question as the footage dissolves into a blurry locker room, slowly coming into focus from a hazy red and black to reveal players on skates, the audio slowly fading in — a cheering, wildly explosive crowd, the walls literally vibrating with excitement. The Sumprats wait by the tunnel, rocking back and forth on their skates as they stare ahead, mostly dead—eyed. Two in particular — WICKETT and KIRAMMAN on the back of their red and black home jerseys, 6 and 33 pressed onto the cloth in thick, chunky numbers — stand shoulder to shoulder, faces hidden as they watch out onto the ice. WICKETT looks back to flash her ice blue eyes at the rest of the team, a grin scrawled on her face. “Remember,” she barks over the loud thumping and screaming of a full arena, the lights low, shaped spotlights of Grapes the Sumprat, the team mascot, spinning and flying across the ice, “set the fucking tone. Nothing comes easy in our barn!” “Aim low left side,” another player — TIETH scrawled on the back of her jersey — cries, “give em the fucking lumber.” “LLLLLLLADIES ANNNND GENTLEMEN,” roars the announcer as the Sumprats shake out their limbs, rolling necks on shoulders, trying to rid nerves and amp adrenaline. “GET ON YOUR FEET,” continues the growling roar, “AND MAKE SOME NOISE FOR YOUR!” KIRAMMAN and WICKETT begin to walk forwards on their skates, and the rest of the Sumprats follow. “ZAUN!” Viktor and Sevika fling open the door to the ice as the Sumprats cross the tunnel line, coming into view of the packed crowd as cell phone cameras snap and the screaming, jubilant fans slap armrests and seat backs and stomp their feet. “SUUUUUUUUUUUUMPRAAAAAAATS!” WICKETT and KIRAMMAN hit the ice and raise their sticks in the air as the Sumprats peel across the ice and the Last Drop Arena goes absolutely ballistic. In the middle center of the screen, the words flash in plain white text: April 16thZaun Sumprats v. Shurima ArtifactsGame 1 “Welcome, one and all,” Marv Alliston called out, “to round one of the RHL Playoffs, brought to you by Schmidts Dried Ice. Game one tonight of the best of seven series between the Zaun Sumprats and the Shurima Artifacts, and we should have an electric one for you tonight. Im Marv Alliston, and with me as always is Danielle Bergman. Danielle?” “Thanks, Marv — these two teams have had an unconventional path to this years post—season action. The Artifacts struggled to win consistently all year long until finally managing to claw their way to the sixth seed. The Sumprats, meanwhile, faced adversity early in the season before ripping off an unprecedented winning streak to secure the 3rd seed and hold onto it for all of the late season, looking to make history again and be the first expansion team in all four major sports to win a title.” “Well said, Danielle,” Marv says as the footage cuts from them in studio to Caitlyn Kiramman and Vi Wickett, stretching on the ice together. Caitlyn looks relaxed and happy — Vi looks grim as she nods at something Caitlyns saying, eyes roving the arena as the Sumprats fans cheers echo across the ice. “And, of course,” Marv continues, “all eyes are on the Sumprats two captains — regular season most valuable player candidate Caitlyn Kiramman and defensive player of the year candidate Violet Wickett, two pickups in the expansion draft that have had career years.” “We have never seen the level of focus and production from these two in their entire careers, and it truly feels like a match made in heaven for the Sumprats, Marv.” “Right you are, Danielle. As the players line up, were ready for the national anthem — sung by Piltover native by Zaunites, Seraphine.” As Hot Girl Shit line up on their blue line — shoulder to shoulder — and the Artifacts line up on the opposing blue line, the lights dim as a red carpet rolls out to centre ice. Seraphine — a beautiful songstress clad in pink and blue — walks out on high heels, waving as the crowd claps respectfully. She positions herself on the red dot, the music begins to swell in the traditional Runeterra anthem as she closes her eyes, lifts her chin, and pauses as the music stings to a crescendo. “I wont back down,” she begins, and the crowd goes absolutely ballistic, and the now—familiar guitar begins to strum, the bait—and—switch complete, “no I wont back down. You can stand me up at the gates of hell but Ill stand my ground, and I wont back down.” As she sings the new Zaun Sumprats theme song, the camera pans across the Sumprats: Diana, eyes watering with her hand to her heart. Leona, a wicked grin stretched across her lips as she stares at the thundering crowd. Ashe, her eyes bright, one hand lifted into the air as her head ducks to let the moment wash over her. Vi, grinning with one hand over her heart. Caitlyn, tears rolling down her cheeks as she wipes them on her shirt. Right before it finishes panning across them, the camera picks up on Caitlyns hand reaching for Vis and clasping it — the crowds voice raising in a cheer as their gloves intertwined. “Well I know whats right,” Seraphine sings, “I got just one life. In a world that keeps on pushing me around, but I stand my ground. And I wont back down.”  HEYYYY BABY , the crowd sings. “There aint no easy way out,” Seraphine calls back.  HEYYYYY, I , the crowd sings, and Seraphine holds the microphone out to them. 
   ILL STAND MY GROUND. AND I WONT BACK DOWN. 
 Seraphine bows as the crowds singing blends into a roar, turning to skip back down the red carpet as the arenas speakers begin to play a klaxxon siren, rally towels begin swinging in the air as the Sumprats colours flash on the ice, the starting five beginning to skate around in circles. “Well that was certainly an emotional moment — as we said, Seraphine was born in Piltover, but has Zaunite parents, and I think we know who she supports tonight based on that.” “It never fails to get me,” Danielle says in response, “what a choice of song for this city.” “Thats right, Danielle,” Marv said, “thats — yeah, you said it. When we return, the puck will drop on Game 1 and the playoffs will officially start. More Sumprats hockey, after these messages.” As the studio pipes in theme music for Hockey Night in Runeterra, a dull, thumping chant echoes underneath: 
   LETS GO THUMPRATS. 
 Clap—clap clapclapclap. 
   LETS GO THUMPRATS. 
 Clap—clap clapclapclap.



  
  When the game was on the line, Vi noticed that it sounded different — that was where the distinction between Game 36 of 82 in the regular season and Game 1 of the playoffs began. Suddenly, you only had four losses to give and you were out. Suddenly, you were 16 wins away from having your name etched into purple steel, lifting 35 pounds above your head in a moment that would live forever — etched into the memories of a city, a sport, a game that thousands had played before you, and thousands would play afterwards. You were 16 wins away from achieving everything youd worked for for decades — decades of being told 
  
    too small, too angry, too undisciplined
  
  , decades of losing to the same sweaters over and over, decades of hearing that you were serviceable in the regular season, but a dud in the playoffs.
 
  Twelve years of hearing every iteration of it — from changing the W in Wickett to an L because it suited her playoff history to actively shouting 
  
    win a playoff series
  
   at her in the streets — made the sounds crystal clear, the focus sharp.
 
  She heard her own heartbeat as she skated in a tight circle around the opening faceoff, taking the time to look at her squad. She looked at Diana, relaxed and idle, spinning her stick in her hands. She looked at Leona, tugging her pads and adjusting her helmet in a familiar ritual, tapping the toe of each of her skates with the blade of her stick. She looked at Caitlyn, who was the most used to it on their entire bench — shed been to the playoffs every single season, and looked like it, statuesque and serious on the blue line, eyes boring into Vis. She looked at Ashe, the most nervous of the squad, who kept pressing her gloves to her cheeks to fight off the jittery shiver that kept threatening her spine.
 
  She heard the shaky breath of the Artifacts centre as it eased past his lungs, heard the way the Artifacts tendie shuffled his skates on fresh ice, heard the booming and clapping Sumprats fans as the noise began to ramp up. She heard the ref skate towards the puck drop as she bent low, stick hovering above the red dot, waiting for the puck to clatter to the ice.
 
  “Clean game, folks,” Jerry said, flipping the puck in his hand, “lets give em a show.”
 
  Vi didnt respond, and instead did the thing that worked every time she sensed blood in the water, a weak or nervous skater on the other side that wasnt used to her brand of intensity. She looked at their eyes.
 
  The Artifacts player didnt meet her gaze, remained focused on the puck, and Vi whispered, soft and simple:
 
  “You lose this one.”
 
  She timed it perfectly — the puck dropped as the Artifacts player — 86 — jerked his gaze upwards, and Vi won the puck cleanly back to Leona as they were off.
 
  Playoffs weight had Leona skating it back, zipping it to Caitlyn — their quarterback — as the Artifacts sought to pressure. Vi kept her stride strong but short, eyes scanning the ice, taking in the defensive style. The Artifacts were a cautious team normally, and theyd play to their script early. The further the game went, though, the more the pressure began mounting, theyd start slipping up, start taking chances.
 
  For now, the Sumprats bided their time, and kept the errors down.
 
  Caitlyn got pushed back into her own zone slightly, but the passing lane to Diana was open as the winger pushed the puck up ice, trailed by Ashe and Vi on either side of her. Diana battled a defender in the corner, rattled the puck around to the back of the net to be scooped up by Ashe who tried to get it to Vi in the slot. Vi got tangled up between two sticks as she went to receive, the puck sliding back out of the Artifacts zone as Leona collected it, pulled backwards, zipped it to Caitlyn again.
 
  Caitlyn next got it to Ashes stick on the move, and the Sumprats pushed forwards again, played it behind Shurimas net to force them to collapse on them — battling for the puck as Ashe sent it to Vi who sent it to Diana and back to Vi, a threat of scoring constantly looming as Shurima began selling out, lunging at the puck with their bodies and lumber extended, trying to react to Hot Girl Shits relentless push.
 
  Vi got it back to Leona with a pass between her legs, and Leona fired a monster of a shot that went off the tendies shoulder. Ashe had the rebound that the goalie managed to corral, but the puck squirted loose of their trapper, offering Diana another hack at it that managed to be steered wide by a pad save. Vi jumped on the rebound, played it back to Caitlyn, and the Sumprats reset, comfortable in the Artifacts zone, looking, probing, searching for weaknesses.
 
  They resembled predators, circling a herd, finding the weakest member to corner for the kill.
 
  Caitlyn passed it to Leona, got the puck immediately back, wound up to shoot, and two Artifacts players immediately dived in front of the scoring threat. Caitlyn faked the shot and zipped it to Vi for a one—timer through traffic, the tendie snagging it from the air with their trapper and covering up for the faceoff as the Artifacts bench exhaled, a sigh of relief.
 
  As Hot Girl Shit skated for a line change, Vi sat next to Caitlyn as Viktor came near them.
 
  “Did you see that?” Vi asked.
 
  “Yeah, they sold out on my shot,” Caitlyn replied, “Im marked for this one.”
 
  “They have no rebound control,” Vi said, “they cant chase Leona or Diana off the puck.”
 
  “Dont have the personnel for rebound control,” Viktor muttered, “thatll be a vulnerability all series.”
 
  “Its pretty sloppy defence,” Vi mused, “they cant seem to get control of the situation when were in their zone. First game jitters, maybe.”
 
  Caitlyn squirted water into her mouth. “Solvable.”
 
  “Definitely solvable,” Vi agreed.
  
  Any worries Vi had about her squad — about the newer members of it rising to the occasion — were quelled throughout the first period. Mylos passing remained steady and true, Poppy maintained control of the defensive assignments and barked orders clearly and decisively. Illaoi had a sketchy moment in the first few minutes when she let a skater get by her, but the hit she delivered when she caught up more than made up for it. Ekko was treating it like any other game — staying back in his crease, eyes locked on the puck, reacting to it quickly and cleanly. 
 
  The real standout of the new crop was Thresh, who the Artifacts didnt seem to know what to do with. Anytime an Artifacts player was near him the puck was getting poked away, a hit was coming, or a stick was getting hooked — with the puck, Thresh seemed like he was unstoppable. There was an extended sequence where Thresh skated around the back of the Artifacts net twice, buying time for a quick line change, and the Artifacts couldnt do much more than try to reach around him, desperate for any leverage.
 
  “Theyre scared of the skull,” Thresh informed Vi drily, which made her almost spit out her gatorade.
 
  Despite these good signs, the Artifacts goalie was on it today, keeping all 12 shots out of the net for the first fifteen minutes of play. The Artifacts started gaining confidence in their netminder, started taking risks, becoming less put together and more eager for chances.
 
  They played right into the Sumprats hands when Vi was on the ice after a turnover, with the Artifacts pushing the action. Vi let two past her with the puck to keep on the forecheck, harassing the puck handler with her stick as he tried to get the offence set up in the Sumprats zone. She played the defenders loose, knowing that the Artifacts liked to push back to the blue line in times of trouble as Caitlyn went back to assist on the weak side, digging into the corner for the puck.
 
  An Artifact managed to push it out, and as the Sumprats collapsed, the Artifacts sent it back towards the blue line — their safety valve. Vi read the play a second before it happened, and began picking up speed.
 
  Vi got to the puck before the defender, and was two strides on him as she blew past for the breakaway chance, arms churning as she pushed the puck ahead of her, seeing the goalie crouch for an early butterfly. The crowd roared its excitement as Vi was alone in front of the tendie, her stick steady on the puck, as the goalie backpedalled, ceding ground.
 
  Vi stumbled suddenly, her left leg disobeying her, and for one heart—stopping moment she thought she was suddenly re—injured until she saw a defenders stick lashing against her knee, tugging her down in a desperation move. The referees arm flew into the air to signal a delayed penalty as boos chorused around her, Vi falling to one knee and trying to salvage the play on her back with her stick.
 
  No shot — the puck slid free, the chance was lost as she slid on her knees past the goaltender and looked towards the ref for the call.
 
  “Hooking from behind,” the referee says on microphone, “there will be a penalty shot awarded to the home team due to the foul from behind.”
 
  The crowd erupted into cheers as Vi got to her feet, greeted immediately by Caitlyn skating back to furrow concerned brows at her.
 
  “Im fine,” Vi said, “just knocked me over.”
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn said, as the two of them skated to Sevika.
 
  “You want the shot?” Sevika asked.
 
  Vi thought about two 
  
    tings
  
  , the sound of clacking iron under pressure, and shook her head. “Ashe was on the ice, give it to her.”
 
  Caitlyn whipped her head around to raise her brows at Vi as Sevika called Ashe and pointed towards centre ice, her expression twisted in confusion. “Why not take the shot?”
 
  Vi pushed Caitlyns shoulders towards the bench door. “Ashe is better suited.”
 
  “Decisions made,” Sevika grunted, chomping her gum as Ashe lined up behind centre ice, the ice cleared of players except her and the Artifacts goaltender. Ashe shuffled her skates, twirled her stick in her hands, and nodded towards the referee as they blew the whistle. She took off towards the puck, scooping it off of the centre dot, and weaved her way towards the netminder, her handle slick and smooth as she picked up some speed. She got herself in a shooting position, flipped her body around, and dragged the puck in a flawless toe—drag across the slot as the goalie bit on the fake, dove forwards, and allowed her to bury it in the back of the net.
 
  Ashe skated around the net, pointing at Vi with a grin as the Sumprats scored their first playoff goal as a franchise off of Ashes stick.
  
  
    July, 2022
  

  
    Day after the protection list is revealed.
  
 
  Sevikas gum was a soothing background to Mels work as she turned her whiteboard around, listing the players that she wanted for the Zaun Sumprats. She squinted at the board, nodded her head at a few selections, and then made a sour face.
 
  “Ashe Arrow? You really want to make this hard on me, huh?”
 
  “I looked into it,” Mel said, “and I honestly think shes just shy. I doubt shell be the hardest to coach on this team — plus, shes clearly tough enough to hang with Sejuani.”
 
  “Sejuani doesnt suffer fools,” Sevika conceded, then pulled a pencil from her ear to tap her notebook. “Okay. Can she hang with Kiramman?”
 
  “Youre confident on Kirammans passing?”
 
  “I am.”
 
  “Then she can hang. Shes a pure scorer — get the puck to her and she can work her magic. Shes not quite Ahri in her prime, but shes definitely effective in clutch situations and she has a gravity to her.”
 
  Sevika made a check in her notebook, smiled, chewed idly on her pencil. “So we found our second scorer.”
 
  “One step closer,” Mel replied, “okay. Who do you want to talk about next?”
  
  With the score 1—0, the Artifacts fell a little further into chaos, trying to push the action with sloppy play and risky passes that Vi, Poppy, and Thresh kept leaping on the passing lanes, breaking the plays up and stuttering the attacks before they could start.
 
  After first intermission, the Artifacts changed it up. Gone were their varied sized forwards and tall defensemen — Shurimas line up was all leg and trimmed torsos, bodies of runners more than the hockey heroes that theyd used. As soon as the puck dropped, they tried to hit the Sumprats with speed — tried to blow by them, make them turn around and chase them. Vi adjusted by pulling her traps a little further out, disrupting skaters and trying to slow their momentum before they could really get started, but the Artifacts skaters were getting the drop.
 
  Ekko earned his paycheck in the first minute of the second period when he saved three quick shots and dove on a fourth, sending it wide just in time for Caitlyn to send the puck out to the neutral zone and allow the Sumprats a quick line change.
 
  “Speed it is,” Sevika called, “Riven, Ahri, Thresh — youre goin.”
  
  “Riven,” Mel murmured at the expansion draft board, raising her eyebrows at Sevika, “thatll burn some capitol.”
 
  “I need her,” Sevika said, simply.
 
  “Why? She cant really shoot — all she has are legs.”
 
  “Not only her speed,” Sevika replied, “I want her moxie.”
 
  “Elaborate.”
 
  “You didnt play against her, I did. She does this thing when you try to challenge her on speed — she considers being fast her area of expertise. Its the part of her game she takes pride in. Ive seen rookies who had quick feet and vets who figured they had an angle try to beat her off the starting block, and she gets this look — like she cant believe you have the guts.”
 
  Sevika smiled. “Then she burns you — and burns you hard.”
 
  Mel studied the board, a frown etched on her face.
 
  “I need people like that, Mel,” Sevika said, “I need competitors. I need people who will spit in someones eye for glaring — Rivens cleaned up her act, shes matured a lot since her bad old days, and shes the fastest fucking skater in the league.”
 
  “I trust you,” Mel said.
 
  “Good. Because mark my words, there will be a time when were in need and all well have to do is have em meet the real Riven.”
  
  Riven introduced herself to the Artifacts after one play — an Artifacts skater lost the puck in the neutral and raced Riven to it, ahead of her by two strides. The player barely beat her to the puck and had to retreat quickly, Riven right on her heels, an incredulous and offended look on her face. The speed lineup of the Artifacts turned to attack the Sumprats and continue with their action pushing pace, but with Thresh holding the middle, the Sumprats best grinder on the wing in the forecheck, they left Riven to roam.
 
  Riven stole the puck in a second and a half, afterburners on full blast as she rounded a player like a pylon, picked their pocket from behind, and raced up ice.
 
  The only other possible candidate to keep up was Caitlyn, and it was Caitlyn spreading out wide on a two on one opportunity, forcing the goalie and defender to pick between the most dangerous shooter in the league or the woman with a fire in her eyes, skating as if going downhill, puck a wobbly disc on her stick.
 
  The defenseman dropped low to block the pass, and Riven zipped the puck over the tendies shoulder, an unassisted goal as Caitlyn crashed into her for the bear hug, grins on both of their faces.
 
  The third goal came off of Vis stick as she managed to barely break up a play and get it out to Leona, who took it up ice, got it across to Caitlyn who never missed an opportunity so tasty. The goaltender slammed their stick against their crossbar in frustration as the Artifacts started to fall apart, looking desperate to stop the bleeding but unsure how wounded they were. They reached into their lineup to produce muscle, but no muscle could quite stand up to what the Sumprats had.
 
  It was after the third time that a skater tried to bump Poppy off the puck that she looked with pity towards the bench, solid as a rock as she slid the disc to Claggor for a one—timer that barely went wide. The rebound was grabbed by Diana, who played it across to Ahri for another big shot — another big goal. Mylo literally leapt into the air with joy as he collided with his teammates in the celebration, and Zaun thumped and screamed their approval as the native son netted another one.
 
  To the Artifacts credit, they didnt pack it in. They kept coming and kept coming, trying the Sumprats defences again and again. The difference in talent level showed in the third when the Sumprats forced the Artifacts to stay either in their own end or in the neutral zone for the entire frame. Still, the Artifacts tried, and tried, and tried, not giving up — pushing the action all the way down the wire until the clock hit 00:00 and the final buzzer sounded.
 
  Game 1 was over, and the Sumprats went home to the sounds of a satisfied crowd, Ekkos first shutout, and a handful of first career playoff goal scorers.
  
  “Danielle,” Marv Albert says in the post game show, “we saw a dominating performance from the Sumprats tonight, winning four goals to none over a Shurima Artifacts team that seemed to have no answers. What did you see tonight?”
 
  “Well, Marv,” Danielle Bergman says as the camera focuses on her, “for me, the story of the night is Vi Wickett. Number 6 was in full playoff form tonight — jumping on loose pucks, breaking up plays, not to mention what she does with communicating and play recognition. Ever since Wickett was hurt last season we werent sure if we were ever going to see her get back to full potential, and here she is putting our fears to rest. Vi Wickett generated chances out there, easy to see why shes in the top three finals for Defensive Player of the Year.”
 
  “An assist for the co—captain, also the takeaway that led to Ashe Arrows penalty kill goal, and an all around amazing defensive performance — four takeaways, six hits, and she was very very busy on the forecheck. What do you have to say about the Artifacts?”
 
  “A disappointing start for them, Marv — on the one hand the effort was there all game long, but it seemed like the adjustments werent — we saw them go lighter and quicker in the second period and it worked for a time until the Sumprats adjusted with the Riven—Diana—Thresh combination and the Artifacts felt out of tricks at that point. The Sumprats are playing big, old school hockey out there, and the Artifacts just floundered. Id expect their coaching staff to go back to the drawing board after this game and try to see if they can come up with something fresh for Game 2.”
 
  “A great analysis as always, and more to come from our friends back in studio — we have John “Jack” Jackson and Gerry Gertrude with more analysis of all four games on our slate as we continue with RHL action. Next up, the big bad Ionian Ironfists host the scrappy and perennial winners, the Piltover Lone Stars — its RHL hockey, right after this.”
 
  After a few moments, the producer calls, 
  
    out, commercial 
  
  and a bell rings, Marv Albert tapping his papers in irritation as he looks towards the prompter.
 
  “Scrappy and perennial winners, guys?” he calls. “Dont you think thats a little contradictory?”
 
  “Scrap
  
    heap
  
  , more like,” Danielle grunts.
 
  “I cant believe you made me say that,” grouches Marv, “thats a vile team out there. I know we cant say—”
 
  
    We cant call them vile on air, 
  
  says the producer via subtitles.
 
  “Yeah,” Marv begins.
 
  “Were not asking you to write asshole Lone Stars,” puts in Danielle.
 
  “Were— yeah, exactly,” Marv says to Danielle, “we just dont want to compliment them. Can we just write Piltover Lone Stars without descriptors?”
 
  The producer says something inaudible.
 
  “Okay,” Danielle says, “but Ben — youre not the one thats going to get flamed on socials for siding with the enemy.”
 
  Marv points at Danielle in agreement.
 
  
    The RHL wrote the copy,
  
   the producer says, 
  
    I can take it up with them.
  
 
  “Next promo material that has the Lone Stars in it, Im just calling them the Lone Stars,” Marv says, “Im not giving that team anything. Did you see what they did, Ben?”
 
  Marv turns to Danielle, whos nodding.
 
  “Disgraceful,” Marv mutters, and then pulls his earpiece off, “do we have another language promo or can I take five?”
 
  
    We have to record the spanish promo but you can take five,
  
   Ben the producer says.
 
  “Smoke?” Marv asks Danielle.
 
  “I quit,” Danielle replies, smiling.
 
  “Aw, good for you,” Marv says, touching her hand, “gonna miss you outside in negative degree weather.”
 
  “Ill miss the company,” Danielle allows, “not the cold.”
  
  “This feels sacrilegious, somehow,” gasps Vi as Caitlyns teeth tug lightly at her lip, Caitlyns slender hands working themselves against Vis sweats, tugging the already low riding garment even lower down her hips. Vi has been topless since Caitlyn got her in the door, and Caitlyns pants had been stripped off at the start of all this, showing Vi her bikini cuts, a pink bow sticking out against black lace. The sight had taken both of them to Caitlyns couch, Vi on her back so she could look up and catch glimpses of the ceiling tits as Caitlyn busied herself kissing, sucking, tasting.
 
  Caitlyn pauses from where shes trying to pull Vis lip off of her face and cocks her head. “How?”
 
  “We never found the time to fuck after playoff games,” Vi reminds, smirking.
 
  Caitlyn smirks back. “I recall someone really needing to 
  
    focus
  
   every time the game was over.”
 
  That had been true. More often than not, Vi had been a little too raw from losing to Caitlyn to be vulnerable with her — to ask her for what shed needed after a loss. Vi needed help chasing away the voices that constantly hounded her and asked her if it was all worth it — the blood and sweat and tears and teeth dropped for this thing that she called a game. Caitlyn was good at that, a soundproof blanket to wrap around her brain, but Caitlyn was also good at beating Vi, and Vi had seen the two as mutually exclusive.
 
  So much time wasted in her own head, when she couldve been here in the present, here with Vi.
 
  “Shouldve been focusing on you,” Vi mutters, bringing Caitlyns lips to hers as the taller woman finally works her sweatpants free, her hand cupping Vis boxers and feeling how quickly Vi was ready, how easily Caitlyn could already slip inside.
 
  “Youre so wet already,” Caitlyn murmured, “so good.”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi babbled, “yeah Im the best.”
 
  Caitlyn pulled away for a moment, watching Vi through lidded eyes, a curious expression on her face.
 
  “What?” Vi asked, rubbing at her nose self consciously.
 
  “Why did you give up the penalty shot to Ashe?”
 
  Vi raised a scarred eyebrow, glanced down to where Caitlyns fingers still hovered, glanced back at Caitlyns face. “You wanna do this now?”
 
  “I just — you were magnificent today, Vi. I really felt like you were on a roll. You couldve taken it.”
 
  “Ive scored on my share of penalty shots,” Vi replied easily, “let the young folks have their time.”
 
  Caitlyns brows furrowed. “Thats what it was? Distribution of wealth?”
 
  “What else would it be?”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, sliding a little further back on her heels. The separation made Vi shiver slightly as she pushed herself back up on her palms, cocking her head at Caitlyn, eyes searching her. Searching for if shed discovered the truth.
 
  “You — sometimes,” Caitlyn said, “you pass an extra time.”
 
  Vi blinked. “Pardon?”
 
  “You pass an extra time — to get rid of the puck. Ive seen it since the Assassins game in December. You focus on the defence, you score goals when you need to, but you dont — youre not hungry to score.”
 
  Vi nodded slowly. “If we talk about this can we still have sex afterwards?”
 
  Caitlyn chuckled, rubbing her hands on her face. “Sorry — total mood killer.”
 
  “Yeah, for sure,” Vi replied, then quieted a little, drumming her hands on her thighs. “I dont know, Cait — if I missed—”
 
  “You dont know if you wouldve,” Caitlyn jumped in.
 
  “But 
  
    if
  
  I missed,” Vi pressed, “I wouldnt be able to live with the fact that I took it away from Ashe, from you, Ahri — any of you. If I missed, Id always think about how a better scorer was on the ice and couldve been the one to do it. Ill take them when I have to, but its never going to be something I reach for.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, watching her for a solid few minutes, eyes roving Vis face. Vi let hers wander, too — let herself take in the crooked bend of Caitlyns nose, the way her features seemed so sharp and cunning, even when relaxed. You could cut slabs of meat on her jawline, start wars for her eyes.
 
  “Why does it bother you?” Vi asked.
 
  Caitlyns answer was immediate. “You could stand to be more selfish.”
 
  Vi raised her eyebrows. “Its a team game, Cait.”
 
  “It is,” Caitlyn acknowledged, “but youre one of the best in the league, Vi. The teams still made up of individuals. Everything you do is for the team — cut minutes for the team, restaurant bookings for the team, pick the team up from the airport and hold team meetings and give the team your shots and let them run plays — all for the 
  
    team
  
  . I just want to make sure that somewhere in there, youre making room for you, too.”
 
  Vi glanced down at her lap, and saw it slowly being filled with Caitlyn as the taller woman wrapped those long, bare legs around her, settled against her thighs as her hands wandered to Vis shoulders.
 
  “You did such a good job taking care of me,” Caitlyn breathes, and Vi blinks up at her, “I just want to know how I can take care of you, too.”
 
  “You are,” Vi said, “you do.”
 
  Caitlyn slowly shook her head. “You moved in with my parents for me temporarily.”
 
  “I did it for the dinners,” Vi said, “and the weed.”
 
  “You managed my phone time, stayed with me when I needed company, gave me space when I needed to take it. You intercepted news reports and responded to questions on my behalf and held my hand when we watched those clips — after we watched those clips. But ever since we got here, youve been wounded. Every time Zaun gets mentioned — every time Zauns hockey history comes up — you flinch.”
 
  Vi tried not to this time, felt her eyelid twitch. Caitlyn smoothed her fingers across it.
 
  “It helped me to talk about me,” Caitlyn said, softly, “it helped me face it and make it real and compartmentalise. I want you to know that if you need that, Im safe for you, okay?”
 
  “I never doubted that,” Vi said, immediately, “Ive never felt anything but safe around you. Its just—”
 
  Vi hesitated, sighed slowly, rubbing a hand over her face that Caitlyn caught at the lowest point of its journey, held it between warm and thin fingers.
 
  “I owe some people a lot of conversation,” Vi said, “and I think — I think deep down, it feels wrong of me to give you an explanation before them. Before her.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded. “If you dont want to tell me—”
 
  “I do,” Vi said, immediately, “I do want to talk about it. Desperately. But I need to talk to Powder first. You and her are — you guys and Elora are the people Im the closest to on the planet, and I cant prioritise you this much while leaving her in the dark. It isnt fair to her.”
 
  Vi fidgeted with Caitlyns fingers, surprised herself at how comforting it was. “I delayed a long time because I thought she hated me, wanted to not talk to me — but I think that was a lie. To myself, I guess, and maybe her to me — I dont know. Its hard to talk about family.”
 
  “I get it,” Caitlyn said, softly.
 
  “Yeah,” Vi replied, “yeah you do.”
 
  “My mom wasnt in my life for a long time. I was doing things, important things, and so was she. Its hard, not being their priority.”
 
  “In some ways,” Vi said, wincing, “its harder to 
  
    be 
  
  the priority. But — well talk. After.”
 
  Caitlyn smiled, assuringly. Vi smiled back, softly. Then:
 
  “Can you fuck me now?”
 
  Caitlyn laughed, pushed Vi back against the couch again with an 
  
    oof
  
   as she straddled Vis hips and pulled her hair into a ponytail. She grabbed Vis hand, slid it to her hair, and curled big fingers around silky smooth tresses.
 
  “Ill see what I can do,” Caitlyn said, softly, and bent low.
  
  Footage flies through the screen, headlines and highlights of a whirlwind round one. A smiling Caitlyn and Vi in hockey gear as they celebrate over a sprawled out Shurima goaltender, Ekko making a monster glove save in the crease, Illaoi slamming into an opposing skater and flicking the puck casually away from her zone, Ahri fistpumping madly as hats rain down around her. Claggor, raising his arms in wide—eyed jubilation as the goal light goes red, Sevikas arms raised in the background, gum halfway out of her mouth.
 
  “Round one wasnt all that dramatic,” says the voice of Spaghetti Teddy, “but it did highlight the fact that the Sumprats were formidable.”
 
  Footage of an after—show analysis, where a talking head is gesturing wildly.
 
  “The Artifacts are outcoached and outmanned,” a silver haired, heavyset man with glasses says, “they look like theyre giving their best efforts, but effort only gets you so far in the RHL — the Sumprats appear too talented.”
 
  “Come the playoffs,” Taylor Swiffer says on her podcast, behind a huge microphone, “you kind of need a player thats going to walk out the saloon doors and do battle with the other teams best. The Artifacts have good teamwork, but they dont have that player — nobody on that roster can compete with Wickett, and nobody can stop Kiramman.”
 
  “Even Demacia and The Shadow Isles dropped a game against their first round opponents — they looked mortal for stretches, and the Sumprats just didnt appear to have weaknesses. It was hard to tell at first, you know, if the Artifacts were just less skilled than anyone else, or if the Sumprats were that good.”
 
  Sevika scratches her ankle in her boating shoes, wearing a sweater thats a little too tight for her and baggy jeans — clearly filmed in her own home, in front of her slightly swinging boxing gym.
 
  “I dont like the narrative that the Shurima Artifacts were donkeys,” she says, “because they werent. They tested us in all the right ways. They tested Viktor and I in terms of adjusting to their strategy, they tested the squads durability and tenacity. I wanted a gang of killers — I wanted a team that put their foot on the opponents neck and didnt let up. Itll go down in history as a sweep, sure, but it was far more competitive than 4—0 appears.”
 
  “You had to tip your hat,” Graves says, grinning in a Sumprats ballcap and a compression shirt, “they battled. They had a lot to be proud of that season — a lot to build on. It reminds me of—”
 
  Graves is cut off with more footage, of Caitlyn and Vi holding hands as they left the arena, Vi and Caitlyn grinning at each other across a press table and laughing lightly.
 
  “On top of that,” John Jack Jackson says, “you know, the CaitVi thing was — out of control. Sumprats ratings were through the roof, and every time the Sumprats were playing these long video edits of the two of them would pop up on social media, calling them the greatest couple of all time and gushing about how much they loved each other.”
 
  “I think Ive retweeted every single one,” Taylor Swiffer confirms, grinning.
 
  “There was never a publicity stunt,” Mel Medarda says, scoffing at the idea. “Wed never do that. They had chemistry on the ice and off the ice, and they were the leading story in the RHL for a decade — we had to capitalise on that image to help sell tickets. But the idea that wed fake a relationship is absurd — whatever happened between them really happened. It was real, and it was special — we all saw how much.”
 
  “Not awkward, no,” Poppy says, looking at Claggor as the two are seated on stools in the practice rink, “theyre both insanely professional.”
 
  “If anything,” Claggor says, “we were the unprofessional ones. We always wanted to know who asked who out, how it started — we kept bugging them but they never bit on it.”
 
  “Ahri was a world champion at it,” Poppy says, laughing, “shed constantly find ways to work them into her interviews and try to get them on camera interacting.”
 
  Ahri, listening to an interviewers question while standing in front of Vi and Caitlyns locker, forcing the two of them to be in the shot behind her if they wanted to access their gear — the two of them sitting at their lockers and elbowing each other as she nodded seriously to the question. Ahri in a different frame turning to her right.
 
  “Caitlyn,” Ahri calls, “this is a question for you and bae. Sorry, Vi. A question for you and Vi.”
 
  “I only did it after they were already official,” Ahri says, smiling, “and were like, out on social media. But yeah, I mean — if you cant fuck with your teammates just a little, whats the point, right?”
 
  A post from Caitlyn Kirammans official twitter account with two jerseys — number 6 and number 33 — arms around one another.
 
  Another post from Vi Wicketts twitter — Caitlyn and Vi holding coffee, arm in arm, cheeks touching and grinning at the camera.
 
  Both say no caption, but both spawn over 78,000 replies.
 
  “Vi,” a press reporter says at the postgame of game 4 — the ticker at the bottom showing that the Sumprats defeat the Artifacts 3—1 to move on to round 2 of the playoffs — “you and Caitlyn both posted—”
 
  “Were dating,” Vi interrupted, and grinned over at Caitlyn to her right. Caitlyn laughed, shrugged.
 
  “Is the relationship between your captains—” a reporter begins.
 
  “————ck off,” Illaoi says, “ask me a hockey question. What is wrong with you.”
  
  The Vaunite wind blew over Vis backwards ballcap, warm and sticky, as she pulled up to the house she grew up in, killed the engine at the curb, watched the dark windows with hesitant, guarded eyes. 
 
  The house was still there, still every bit as foreboding to her — lifeless to her — as it had been since her adoptive father had lived there. If she walked to the garage, she knew that shed have found rows upon rows of hockey sticks, banded together to make tables and stools and shelves — an aesthetic that said exactly who Vander was, what his interests were — what hed passed on to his adoptive daughter.
 
  The last time shed been here, a door had slammed in her face — a screen door that shed spoken to a sister through she hadnt seen in years.
 
  This time, as she rolled up her windows and opened her door, the figure was waiting for her — blue hair, pale skin, bright eyes. Looking haunted, anxious, her fingers already twirling around each other.
 
  “Hey, Pow,” Vi said softly.
 
  “Hey, Violet,” Powder greeted, hesitated, and opened the screen door.
 
  “Im set up out back,” Powder said, “we can talk there to start.”
 
  Vi set her jaw, glanced down at her feet, and nodded.
 
  “Lead on.”




  
  “Round one roundups,” came the voice of Taylor Swiffer, shuffling her papers in her podcast studio — barely audible over the microphone. “Not a ton of shockers this year, but thats to be expected — this went chalk with one or two surprises. Lets do this in order from top left to bottom right, meaning well do the Wanderers last.”
 
  “So we start at the Noxus War Horses—No Names series, the War Horses beat the No Names in six games — this was alarming, and not for any real surprising reasons. We all know that Noxus traded away their franchise player — an excellent skater and forward, and if theres a category of elite in the league, Akali is on that top top tier despite the fact that she hasnt played well consistently all season, but I digress — for a 
  
    pretty good
  
   d—man in Raffi Cadoukian. Now Im not entirely sure if Raffi wouldve been more of a difference maker in this series, but its a moot point because they suspended Raffi internally — and rightfully so — for his involvement in the Landsman scandal, meaning that they traded away their excellent forward and put… nobody on the ice to replace her.
 
  “Now, this is alarming — and if youre a Noxus fan, and there are a few in my life, there are a lot of reasons to be concerned. Your one seed perennial winning team, your team that made the finals last year, got absolutely 
  
    housed
  
   in two of those games. It was like the No Names looked Noxus in the eyes and said, I dont care that were weaker talent—wise, were going to punch you in the mouth and see how you respond and the War Horses were behind throughout all of games three and four, and it felt like for a moment that we were going to have the upset of the 
  
    century
  
   before the War Horses righted the ship, weathered the storm, whatever nautical metaphor you feel like using. So the War Horses win the series decisively but theres a lot of questions coming their way.
 
  “Lone Stars versus Ironfists — okay. Lone Stars take this in five games, and if youre an Ironfists fan at this point, I really dont know what to tell you because this franchise is in 
  
    rough
  
   shape at the moment, and anyone can tell you it. The headline on this series, first of all, is that Sett is not Vi Wickett. I dont care that Wicketts entire knock on her is that she doesnt find playoff success — look, shes never given her team 
  
    one point
  
   in a five game series, ever. Wickett 
  
    shows up
  
   and has 
  
    shown up
  
   every single playoff game, and Sett looked like he wanted 
  
    none
  
   of this Lone Stars team all series. His sole point was an assist in game 2, and he just — disappeared. He didnt want to challenge Akali, he looked like he didnt want the puck, his body language was bad — like, he helped the team get the two seed, thats all well and good, but if hes not going to show up in the playoffs, what future does this team have?
 
  “The Lone Stars, meanwhile, look like a machine out there, and — Spaghetti Teddys column called them The Team That Wont Fucking Die, and honestly that truly feels like the best moniker. This is a Frankensteins Monster of a team this year, created with a box of scraps in the wake of the Landsman scandal, and I really dont think Ive ever seen reforming on the fly done as well as its been done here. They have a good coach who responded to adjustments, their goaltending was phenomenal — Jax really sees this as his shot, clearly, and is  taking it — and Akali is another type of leader, man. Shes constantly talking to everyone on her team at all times and looks as focused as she ever has been. The series was truly a series of contrasts — you have Sett stinking up the joint and looking scared, and you have four time champion Akali looking comfortable, easygoing, relaxed. When your best player acts like theres nothing to be scared of, everyone on the team can loosen up a little bit — if she aint scared, we dont need to be, either.
 
  “Im not a mind reader,” Taylor continued, “but I assume that shes looking forwards to this War Horses — Lone Stars series quite a bit. She did address the fact that she was playing on a marked team in an interview yesterday, which — Craig, can we queue that up?”
 
  Scuffed locker room audio as Akalis voice rang out: “It doesnt matter to me — or, it does, but not for the reasons folks think. What Landsman and the organisation did for at least a decade is despicable, but Matt and Lucian have done as good a job as they could cleaning house, and its a different team. The majority of the locker room is deeply upset and shocked about what happened, and we want to help the victims and anyone else in making it right — Ive been in constant contact with the abused, me and a few other prominent RHL players — and this cup run that were on has nothing to do with loyalty to the franchise, it has to do with chasing a dream. Weve all dreamed about lifting the cup for years, and my siblings in here deserve their shot just as much even if were disgusted by the sweaters we wear.”
 
  More shuffling of papers sounded in the mic and Taylors smile around her mouth was evident. “This goes to show, in my opinion, that Akali might be the best leader in the game. Speaking of best leader, Adler — the Lone Stars rookie — was another major factor in their series — six points, five of them goals, a goal a game. Absolutely amazing start to their post—season career, and Im really looking forward to seeing them go through these playoffs. Now, the Lone Stars and the War Horses series is going to be fascinating because on Noxus end you have a one seed that is clearly floundering and seeking an identity, and on Piltovers end, you have a seven seed that knows exactly who they are, have an emerging talent in a rookie and an established veteran with a coach that is holding up surprisingly well under pressure. I dunno — if I were a gambling woman, I wouldnt go near this thing.
 
  “Okay, now the pair of seven game series. Targon and Ixtal — this was almost comedic in the sense that Targon had — two, three, 
  
    four
  
   chances to put Ixtal away and couldnt get it done. They almost got the sweet, Ixtal ties it and wins in OT. Game five, Targons up 3—1 in the third, Ixtal scores four unanswered to win 5—3. Game six, Ixtal ice, Targon scores two early, Ixtal roars back to win it 4—3. Game seven, Targon has a lead going into the third, Ixtal knots it up at 5 to force overtime, wins it, advances. Targons collapse is incredible, but not totally unexpected — this team has always hit either side of the metronome between competent and reckless and it showed. Its hard to close a team out and its even harder when you keep giving up huge leads — the entirety of Targons defence needs to be looked at in the offseason. If the Sumprats dont resign Wickett — which would be a crime — Targon should just throw the entire bankroll at her to take another run at this thing.
 
  “Ixtal, on the other hand — great mental toughness. The Axoltl fans have to be happy with this one — I think this is the first time theyve made significant playoff progress in… six, seven seasons? Its something to build on for next year, but if they make a deep run Ill be shocked — theyre mentally tough but talent wise theres definitely a drop off between them and the other side of the bracket.
 
  “Red Pandas vs Mountaineers — this one went the distance, the Red Pandas squeak it out. Listen, I know that RHL twitter and casual RHL fans called this series boring, but I couldnt disagree with you more. The comparisons to football games with scores of 1—0, 2—1, 2—0 were absolutely accurate — five of the seven games were decided by a goal — but I have to give the Mountaineers their flowers, here, they held off some 
  
    strong
  
   pushes from the Red Pandas all series long. Their strategy was preventing the Red Pandas from getting in close and force them to settle for ugly and long, and it worked like a charm.
 
  “The Red Pandas, too, got through a gruelling series with a team that is 
  
    punishing
  
   to play against. We just did the end of season voting, and the Mountaineers were voted the toughest team by a landslide, with second and third going to the Sumprats and the Knights, because they body you in the corners. The Red Pandas never gave up on a game and come out on top on home ice, which was the first time since Sevika retired that this squad is alive come round two.
 
  “Okay, western conference. There are a 
  
    lot
  
   of good teams in the West this year and a lot of these series were short as a result. Starting off — defending champs Demacia Knights beat the snot out of the Serpents in five games. Not the sweep that Vegas was predicting, but that game 2 was an absolute travesty of officiating — the reffing team, were told, isnt going to be working again in the playoffs, which is a good thing. The Knights took care of business for the most part, and Garren was a defensive mastermind who basically was playing with his food the entire series — letting the Serpents get trapped over and over again. Its easy to see why he was the leading candidate for defensive player of the year going into the playoffs.
 
  “On the Serpents end, I dont really have much to say. Too young, too inexperienced, and they should be proud that they took a game off the Knights. Great try.
 
  “Assassins drop a game on the way to beating the Schooners, and that one L was a legitimate loss. KaiSa is as good as ever, Braum Doorman looked a little shaky for whatever reason, and was vulnerable to attack before he got his sea legs under him — this series shouldve been a sweep but the Schooners got really hot in game one. Even when the Schooners took the game from the Assassins, though, it never felt like it was going to flip — the Assassins just have so much firepower that itd be the most shocking upset in a generation if the Assassins fumbled the bag. But still, weirder shit happens in hockey all the time. The Schooners, despite being a seventh seed, were the weakest team for me in this crop so Im glad to see them go.
 
  “The only sweep this round comes from the Sumprats versus the Artifacts, 4—0 in favour of Zaun, and boy does this Sumprats team look 
  
    good
  
  . We knew that Kiramman, Ahri, Leona, and Diana were going to be ready to go, but Vi Wickett looked like a 
  
    worldbeater
  
   out there defensively. She looked like she wouldnt let anyone get anywhere without her say so, and she threw the body harder than she has in a long time — it was like peak Wickett out there. She also showed up on the stat sheet — shes got five points, mostly assists, and Hot Girl Shit is the most productive line through one round of play in the playoffs. This team was tougher, smarter, more talented, and more aggressive against this Artifacts team.
 
  “Speaking of Vi Wickett,” Taylor said, “I actually checked in with Jack. Most of you who have followed the show all season know that Jack said some pretty harsh things about Vi Wickett to start the season — about how she cant get it done and about how the Sumprats were crazy to take her and Kiramman — and I wanted to check on him and how he felt about that take. I can read out his message now — well hear from him a little later in the week and react to the mid—series games, but heres what Jack said. He says, she looked awesome out there, fully willing to take it all back, but we need to see her and Sumprats beat a good team before I fully eat my words. Fair enough, Jack — but I want to see you grovel when we get there.
 
  “Lastly, the Wanderers beat the Void Stars in six games, and this one looked a little dicey for a second. Coach Sejuani talked some shit before the game about how the Voids home ice didnt scare them, and while it didnt scare them 
  
    much
  
   it definitely had an effect for games one and two. The Void Stars big advantage is how spooky their barn is, so Im sure the rest of the west is thanking Freijlord for taking them out of the mix. The Wanderers looked competent, and look like theyll be a real challenge for our Sumprats as they get set for round two.
 
  “Okay, to end the round up, lets go through the Jack/Taylor prediction wins and losses. Series one: I had Noxus, Jack had Noxus, and Noxus advances. Series two: I had Piltover, Jack had Ionia, so I won there — score 2—1. Series three: I had Targon, like a jackass, Jack took Ixtal for the memes, and Ixtal advances — score 2—2. Series four — we both had the Red Pandas, and they advance, so were tied at 3 headed to the west.
 
  “Western conference — we both had Demacia, we both had Shadow Isles, so its 5—5. We both had the Sumprats, and I took the Void while Jack took the Wanderers, so its 7—6 in favour of Jack headed into the second round. I havent beaten Jack in predictions in a long, long time, and Im so, so salty at Targon for making me predict from behind 
  
    again
  
  . Were going to hear from Velvet Jess Smut emporium in a moment — and Im 
  
    thrilled
  
   that we have sapphic advertisers on this pod now — and when we come back, well talk end of year awards and how shitty they are.”
 
  As Taylor put her headphones down to roll her neck on her shoulders, her spine popping, she looked at her producer, grinned.
 
  “How was that, Craig?”
 
  “Quick and painless,” the heavyset man said, dusty coloured beard dotting his chin, “you want to take five before doing award stuff?”
 
  “Yeah,” Taylor said, sighing, and leaned back in her chair with her eyes closed, “god, Im still recovering from the scandal. I cant wait until the end of the season — I love this fucking job, but sometimes all it feels like Im doing is waiting until the next big—”
 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  Round Two: Rewind
 
  
    “Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.” 
  
  –Oscar Wilde

  
  

  She asked 
  
    why is the camera here? Is it necessary to record this?
  
 
  I replied 
  
    its the only way that I can hold myself together, some days. The idea of recording it for some use or purpose.
  
 
  She nodded, frowning. 
  
    That makes sense. I can see that youre better.
  
 
  I nodded back, playing with my fingers. It was always worse when it was my own fingers to fidget with — my fingers remembered both Luxs smooth and gentle touch and Vis big and calloused digits, both much more grounding, much better to use. 
 
  I said, 
  
    the camera can turn off. I just need it here.
  
 
  She looked at me, quizzical, scarred eyebrow and lip making her look perpetually surprised and also scowling. She knew how to use her face — her resting butch face, she often joked — to get what she wanted, so long as what she wanted was intimidation. When she looked soft, it still looked as though it was a new expression she was breaking in, something distant she was trying to grasp but didnt have the reach for.
 
  I continued, 
  
    whatever makes you more comfortable. I can even take the battery out — if you—
  
 
  She said, 
  
    if you record it, you can watch it back later, to know it was real?
  
 
  The breath wooshed out of my lungs, but I nodded slowly, then sharply. She understood — she understood that reality was a problem sometimes. Less often, now, but — sometimes.
 
  I replied, 
  
    It would be helpful, 
  
  and then, out of habit, I tacked on, 
  
    I guess
  
  .
 
  She nodded, waved a noncommittal hand, and watched as I straightened to turn towards the camera, pressed the record button, checked the viewfinder, composed my shot. In the light of the backyard where we grew up, the crumbling masonry to my back and the warped back deck sagging lightly, she looked like a greek god — defiant, uncomfortable, but reluctant to show it. She looked every inch like my imagination when I thought back to the days where I marvelled how tall skates made her, how they erased the image of a child stunted by growing up around toxic waste in a water supply, how her big shoulder pads, helmet, gloves, made her look big and dramatic.
 
  I thought back to the first time I saw her in an Ironfists jersey, the first time I realised how much the city loved her — the cheers and adoration as she skated around the net after scoring a goal, the way she met my eyes and winked at me and I felt fierce pride alongside bolts of jealousy from the eyes  all around me, aimed in my direction.
 
  She was always the big sister that I wanted to be, until she wasnt.
 
  I said, 
  
    I want you to know I wont use the footage.
  
 
  She replied, 
  
    it doesnt matter if you do, Pow
  
  , and my heart melted a little with the words. She continued, 
  
    its all truth, anyways.
  
 
  I nodded. I said, 
  
    can you tell me about Dad?
  
 
  She replied, 
  
    I can tell you about Vander.
  
  
  2012

  Vi is 22
 
  “Thanks for coming,” Vi said, a little hesitant, a little nervous. The subject of her nervousness was an unbroken chain of 
  
    read
  
  s on her text messages to a contact labelled Dad, about her recent successes — a new contract signed, the captaincy of the Ironfists, the keys to the franchise. Shed fought and scrapped and dug her way up the ranks of the bench until the city chanted her name, erupting into the arena as she strapped in and went to war.
 
  Vander nodded, face tight, hands in his coat pockets. He hadnt removed it, and Vi looked at it and winced at herself for not offering. She was working on this whole thing — the hostess side of shit, how to greet guests. Shed bought potpourri and cleaned feverishly and made sure the entire house was respectable, presentable.
 
  “Is Powder, uh,” Vi started.
 
  “Powder needs to study,” Vander said, gruffly, “if shes getting the scholarship.”
 
  “Right, right. Let me take — you want a drink? Ill get your coat.”
 
  “Why am I here, Vi?” Vander asked, hands still in his pockets, posture stiff.
 
  “Why— uh,” Vi started, “I just — I wanted to see you. Talk to you about how Im doing, maybe have dinner.”
 
  Dinner was italian — Vanders favourite from when they were growing up. Vi found a place that wasnt too fancy, just a simple meal heaped in styrofoam. Fine dining still made her itch, even with her salary in the seven figures and climbing with the new signing. Elora had talked to her gently about how to manage her finances, made it all broken down into chunks so she could wrap her head around it without hiring someone to manage it for her. She didnt trust anyone with her money — one of Vanders lessons creaking through.
 
  “Im busy trying to make ends meet,” Vander replied, shortly, “I have a business venture that Im working on with a friend — I dont have time for visits of fancy.”
 
  “I made captain,” Vi blurted, watching him, “I — Im doing it, dad. Everything we wanted — I got an extension, too. Im secure for another four years.”
 
  “Congratulations,” Vander said, voice wooden.
 
  “Thanks,” Vi replied, and she felt hollow, scooped out, “I — uh, I wanted to offer — you know, you dont need to scramble. You helped me get here, so—”
 
  “Helped you,” Vander said, and snorted.
 
  Vi furrowed her brows. “Yeah. Helped me. I didnt get here alone. So I figured that I could—”
 
  “Youve done an awful lot without my help, Vi,” Vander said, and suddenly Vi realised he was pissed. He was acting like he had when shed missed a blocked shot in high school — aloof, dancing around the issue until he exploded.
 
  “Wait,” Vi said, “why are you mad?”
 
  “Why am I mad,” Vander chuckled, “where do I start.”
 
  Vi took a step back. “Are you seriously upset that I didnt consult you on the house, still?”
 
  “Why did you sign a contract without asking me?” Vander shot immediately. “I have nearly two decades of hockey experience. I couldve advised you on where to go.”
 
  “Elora advised me,” Vi said, a little flabbergasted, “shes a hockey player agent. I figured her advice was—”
 
  “You didnt ask me before hiring Elora,” Vander reminded, “and the Ironfists dont fit your style, your game. Youre better off in Piltover or—”
 
  “
  
    Piltover
  
  ?” Vi asked, on a half laugh.
 
  “Is something funny?” Vander snapped, made Vi flinch slightly.
 
  “Im sorry, Im not laughing at you. Its just—” Vi began, then stopped, cut off. She cocked her head to the side at Vander, steel suddenly forming in her shoulders.
 
  “Dad, why would you — suggest Piltover?”
 
  “They have a good offensive squad,” Vander said, “could use someone to bolster the defence, and you can learn to shoot there.”
 
  Vi watched him for a minute. “I led the Ironfists in scoring these past two years.”
 
  Vander watched her back. “Even still.”
 
  “Dad,” Vi pushed, “did you know I led the Ironfists in scoring these past two years?”
 
  “Of course,” Vander lied, and for the first time in her life, Vi had her father on his back foot as the realisation crashed around her ears. Vander had no tabs on her career, on her life.
 
  “How come you never come to games when I invite you?” Vi asked, “why dont you answer my texts?”
 
  “Im busy trying to make ends meet,” Vander insisted, “not all of us can be as lucky as you with a comfortable salary and a big house.”
 
  “Lucky,” Vi murmured, as the realisation turned to hurt, “okay. Why dont you respond to texts? It takes like two seconds.”
 
  Vander watched her for a moment longer. “Just tell me why you wanted to see me.”
 
  Vis heart sunk into her stomach, her tongue thick and heavy with all the questions she wanted to fire like bullets. “Dad,” she started, hesitated, choked back, “dad, I just wanted to — I wanted to say that you dont have to live paycheck to paycheck, you know? You can ask for help — I can help you, set up an account to help you. I can pay for Powders school — I can set it all up. I have the free time.”
 
  “Good for you,” Vander replied, “its very good youre doing well for yourself. Were not a charity case, Violet. Well make it work.”
 
  “This is,” Vi said, “so stupid. At least take the money for your mortgage, Powders school. Dont punish her for whatever problem you have with me.”
 
  “Powders earning her way,” Vander said, “its never too early to learn not to take handouts.”
 
  “Its not a handout,” Vi said, desperation in her tone, “its not — Ive worked so hard. Youve worked hard — youre just getting what you earned.”
 
  “No,” Vander said, “no, I wont. She wont.”
 
  Vander looked around, inhaled through his nostrils, and his voice ratcheted higher, a little friendlier, “place smells a little dank. You might have a leak.”
 
  He turned, and Vi said 
  
    wait
  
  , but Vander didnt. Just stepped through the door to walk towards his beat up car and start it with a hacking cough. He left Vi staring at the bowl of potpourri. Without another word, with blackness in her thoughts, she lifted it gently, pressed the pedal to her kitchen garbage, and let the bowl drop inside, rattling around the tin can.
 
  A half hour later, the doorbell rang, and Vi was startled out of where she stared with tears in her eyes at the twigs and leaves and little scented balls, headed around her half wall to open the door.
 
  “Hi,” the delivery guy said, cheerily, and lifted the italian food encased in a black bag.
 
  Vi paid him, took the dinner for three into her kitchen, set it on the table. 
 
  There it stayed for a full day.
  
  
    This doesnt,
  
   I started to say, but the words died in my throat. She looked at me with a sad understanding, a gentle comprehension that made me even more desperate to not believe. She painted our father as a man who was prideful to the point of stupidity, resentful of her successes, and that wasnt the man I called Dad — that wasnt the man that raised us.
 
  
    He didnt say that
  
  , I said, defiant.
 
  
    He did
  
  , she replied, 
  
    he said more, too, but Ill never forget that
  
  .
 
  I said, 
  
    youre not confused? You might be misremembering.
  
 
  She said, 
  
    Pow, Ive relived that day so many times. I want to tell him to go fuck himself, I want to challenge him on his pride, I want to beg for your sake, not his. But I was too young, not well formed enough or articulate enough.
  
 
  I said, 
  
    he really said that about me? About school?
  
 
  She nodded.
 
  I said, 
  
    but that doesnt make sense — when I didnt get the scholarship, he paid for it. Said that he had a new business partner, made a little extra money, and—
  
 
  I stopped, and coldness filled my belly as she watched me, watched as I had my own realisation, an epiphany of numbers and opportunity, of my own brand of luck.
 
  I said, 
  
    you?
  
 
  She exhaled slowly, nodded again. 
  
    It was the only way to make sure you were taken care of
  
  , she said.
 
  
    I didnt need anyone to take care of me,
  
   I began, harsher than I meant to, all the faces of all the people who watched a small 
  
    damaged
  
   girl and tried to steer her life.
 
  
    I know,
  
   she said, 
  
    but I had the means. You still had to carve your own way, I just wanted to make sure money didnt hold you back.
  
 
  I thought back to my dorm on residence, my shitty little editing bay that I had fought and clawed for the financials of. I thought back to the three part time jobs during the summer, the absolute lack of time, of Dad telling me how important it was to build my character. All of those moments added together, a series of images to splice and chop and transition to produce a rough edit of how hard it all was, how much easier it couldve been.
 
  But I was thankful for that time, the scenes that I had to splice together, because they made me appreciate the little person — they added up to open my eyes to the real villains of the story, showed me how to keep my eyes on the prize.
 
  Birds chirped in the backyard, and I turned to adjust the microphone on the top of the camera, narrowing its range — I didnt want to have to ask her to come back and re—record. Even if I wasnt using it for anything but my own memories, there was quality to consider.
 
  I said, 
  
    Im having trouble with this.
  
 
  She said, 
  
    I figured you might.
  
 
  It did nothing to help me, to help the floating, neon—coloured spectre of my father that said things like 
  
    you might have a leak
  
   instead of 
  
    Im proud of you
  
  . But even the neon—patterns and shapes I could conjure at the corners of my sightline couldnt manage to say 
  
    Im proud of you
  
  . I couldnt make them say it in his voice.
 
  I didnt realise I had reached a hand towards her until she took it, slid her fingers towards mine so I could fidget with them — the familiar callouses. Hockey callouses.
 
  Dad had them too.
 
  I squeezed her fingers and said, 
  
    thank you. What happened next?
  
 
  She smiled, a little sadly. 
  
    Nothing good.
  
  
  2016

  Vi is 26
 
  “Thank you for meeting with me,” Vander said, and Vi looked at him incredulously, looked at Elora with equal incredulity. There were two lawyers across the table on either side of Vander, ties neatly adjusted, prim and proper and lifeless.
 
  Vis side of the table had no lawyers. She hadnt known she needed any until one of Vanders contacted her with an urgent meeting request. Elora had read it over twice, flummoxed, before agreeing to join Vi.
 
  Vis face was still lightly bruised from the winged slapshot that had risen to high and slammed into her cheekbone. It had broken the bone, sliced her face open, and shed needed heavy stitches and to wear a full face guard for the remainder of the War Horses series. Theyd lost in 6 despite her coming back early, and she was proud of her team for going the distance, upset with herself for not doing more.
 
  In other words, it was your average Ironfists ending.
 
  “What is this about?” Vi asked, hesitant, unsure.
 
  Vander coughed into his fist — an ugly sounding cough — and gestured to the lawyer on the right.
 
  “Mr. Lanes,” the suit began, “has a business opportunity for you, and has drawn up a contract that would see your investment show returns.”
 
  Vis eyes narrowed, spinning her hand in a circle on her wrist for the man to continue.
 
  “Were asking for ten million dollars now, and we plan on—”
 
  “Ten million dollars?” Vi spluttered.
 
  “Its for a good cause,” Vander said, quietly, “itll secure Powders future, itll secure any kids you have down the line. Im doing it for all of us.”
 
  Vi slid her gaze to him, watched him for a few moments, and then drummed her fingers on the table.
 
  “No,” Vi said, then looked at the lawyers, “no, Im sorry, gentlemen — this isnt going to happen. Im sorry that you wasted your time.”
 
  “You cant say no,” Vander said, lunging forwards, “you havent heard the pitch yet.”
 
  Vi leaned forwards too, her hands folded in front of her. “I offered you money, dad. I offered to take care of you and Powder, and you turned me down flat. Powders still wearing ratty clothes that are five years old, I take her shopping to get new threads, and you get upset. I offer to pay the plumber on the house, the mortgage, the repairs to the deck — you get upset. But ten million dollars so 
  
    you
  
   can 
  
    take care of it
  
   — suddenly, thats okay?”
 
  Vanders lips curled. “You cant say no,” he said, voice low, “because everything you are is because of me.”
 
  Vi leaned back heavily, hit the back of her chair, and watched him. He rose from the table with his palms on the wood, stretching his arms to full, and Vis gaze raked down him, noticing how thin he looked, how pale he was compared to the big, booming man she remembered.
 
  “I gave you everything I had,” Vander said, “you dont get to say no. You dont get to refuse this when I took you in, gave you a home, built you a future. Now when I try to do the same for you and your sister—”
 
  “You want to take care of me?” Vi asked, voice low.
 
  “Gentlemen,” Elora said, “maybe we give them the room?”
 
  “No, leave them,” Vi snapped, “Vander Lanes brought the lawyers here instead of asking me himself, Vander Lanes gets to have them hear the whole thing. You want to take care of me, 
  
    Dad?
  
  ”
 
  “Thats all I—”
 
  “Then come to a fucking game,” Vi said, “come to one fucking game. If everything 
  
    I 
  
   am is because of 
  
    you
  
  , then take the money when I offer it and buy Powder some fucking clothes. Pay the fucking house off. Stop being such a—”
 
  “You have no idea what its like to be a charity case,” Vander snarled.
 
  The words hung in the air, an ugly, hovering monster that they all couldnt help but watch.
 
  “He said to the orphan,” Vi said, softly. She waited a few beats, and then slowly rose to her feet.
 
  “Vi,” Vander started.
 
  “You know, the best advice you ever gave me,” Vi said as she moved on wobbly legs towards the door, “is not to use Lanes as a surname. Itd remind people Im Zaun, would remind them that I started from nothing, and theyd treat me different. I didnt agree with you, but at least I dont have to change it, now.”
 
  “Vi, I didnt mean it,” Vander insisted, “youre— its not—”
 
  Vi waited, hand on the doorframe, listening to her father struggle to find the words. “Im going to pay for Powders school. Im going to pay for room, board, and food. Tell her whatever you want to tell her. Ill set some money aside for the mortgage, the house, any repairs you want. But Im not— youre not getting any more of me.”
 
  “I didnt mean it,” Vander repeated, “Vi, baby, lets just—”
 
  “You know what people say, when they say something hurtful that they dont mean?” Vi asked.
 
  Vander was silent.
 
  “They say Im sorry.” Vi said, and stepped into the hallway.
 
  Elora watched Vi leave, turned to Vander and the other two, and gave them her best glare before hurrying after her client.
  
  I said, 
  
    he didnt pay for the house.
  
 
  She said, 
  
    I know. I left him money in an account — he withdrew all of it as soon as I made it available. I figured he just sat on it or used it for whatever investment he wanted.
  
 
  I said, 
  
    want to hear something ironic?
  
 
  She nodded.
 
  
    It was used for the Sumprats.
  
 
  She raised an eyebrow. 
  
    How do you mean?
  
 
  I told her.
 
  
    What the fuck
  
  , she said, laughing, 
  
    thats freaky.
  
 
  I smiled, the humour in it a good note to bring into the soundtrack that was shaping around the segment we were creating. We had moved from the backyard to the living room — completely changed from how dad had it — as soon as it had become legally mine, I scrubbed and scraped and repainted and refurbished. It had cost me a significant amount of money, but I paid it happily — I was restoring a childhood home.
 
  She looked haunted as she sat on the reupholstered couch, touched the fabric and rubbed her fingertips together. It didnt feel exactly the same — she knew this couch well. This couch was the one that shed come home and collapse on after her third practise of the day, ice packs on her shoulders as she rested her tired eyes. She would lay here for nine minutes and fifty eight seconds, before glancing up at where I was filming her, smile weakly, and ask me what I wanted for dinner.
 
  I wouldnt have been able to say that in September. In September, I wouldve said that she had been the gifted one, the hockey goddess that Dad paid the most attention to, the person who got everything that she wanted — more hockey. In September, I was still holding onto the anger, the hurt, the betrayal of a sister who didnt have the courtesy to show up to a fathers funeral to be there for me. In September, the neon carvings at the corners of my eyes played out scenes of her abandoning me, of dad abandoning me, of the dark thoughts sliding home and slithering across my brain until they were narrowing my field of view, until I could only see what they wanted to show me.
 
  But footage never lies. We told Silco that. We told Councilor Hoskel that. In our own way, we told the entire RHL that when the Landsman Scandal hit and we could be a part of it. Raw footage always shows you a truth — it could be a manipulated one, but it was always true at the time you stopped pressing record. Raw footage showed me that Lux looked at me with hunger in her eyes and love on her tongue. Raw footage showed me that Hoskel was up his own ass and that Silco thought he was invincible.
 
  Raw footage showed me that my sister was not the favourite.
 
  Raw footage showed me that she was just the one chosen.
 
  I said, 
  
    I found my old cameras.
  
 
  She said, 
  
    oh yeah?
  
   Her scarred eyebrow lifted in interest, catching the dramatic shadows that Id cast when I turned on the hallway light and didnt set up a second or third point — letting the single light source work its magic across her features. She would look good in post, minimal colour balancing needed — the pink of her hair catching her natural red tones, the light blue of her eyes, the pale skin. She was a study in contrasting visuals, a natural cast in the role wed found for her, the role shed carved for herself.
 
  The heart of the Sumprats.
 
  I said, 
  
    yeah. It took a while to convert all the footage, but I did. I watched all of the stuff I used to shoot.
  
 
  She said, 
  
    anything juicy?
  
 
  I said, 
  
    I had a terrible imagination. I also always clearly wanted to shoot docs — most of the footage is me interrogating my stuffies.
  
 
  She laughed, and said, 
  
    did Mr. Bear give you the goods?
  
 
  I said, 
  
    yeah, he did.
  
   I laughed lightly with her, and she smiled at me — she smiled at me the way she didnt in that footage, so wide her gums showed. She smiled at me the way that Caitlyn seemed to draw it out of her, the way that she hadnt when we were kids, but readily did now.
 
  I said, a frog in my throat, 
  
    you were in a lot of it.
  
 
  Her smile died a little, and it was a shame to see —the whites of her teeth made for a dramatic contrast to the shadow of her face. I could picture it through the viewfinder, composed. Id push the frame in a little more, make you feel you were alone with her, intimate, the only two people in the world.
 
  I said, 
  
    it helped me — it made me remember things. It clarified what was real.
  
 
  She didnt say anything, and I pushed forwards.
 I said, I dont — what we — what I said to you. 
  She said, 
  
    Powder
  
  .
 
  I said, 
  
    let me get this out. I said horrible things to you, and I did mean them at the time, but I was confused and lashing out and not expecting to see you again
  
  .
 
  She said nothing, let me speak.
 
  I continued, 
  
    but I was wrong. It was wrong to say it in the moment. I said it to hurt you, and I believed it like, 60%, but I mostly did it to make you hurt and thats not okay. Im sorry. Im so sorry that I did that to you — I didnt have any right to.
  
 
  She still said nothing, head slightly cocked, waiting to make sure I was finished — a familiar expression on her face. The expression that my camera caught when I filmed her around the corner while she studied game tape, or the way her eyes would lock onto television screens featuring hockey. Vander forced her to play the game, that was true, but the way my viewfinder kept catching her expression when nobody was around to look told me that she loved it in her own way, loved it for her and her alone.
 
  I finished by saying, 
  
    I — are we, still sisters?
  
 
  She opened her mouth, closed it, and rose from her seat to step past the space where the camera lens pinned her to the frame, into the space where it was real—

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  Vi took Powders hands, held them, pulled her lightly until they were both standing. Vi pulled Powder towards her, wrapped her big, warm arms around her, and pressed her lips close to a pierced ear.
 
  “I will 
  
    never
  
  ,” Vi said, “stop being your sister.”
 
  Powder pressed her nose closer to Vis collar, her slender arms winding around Vi — two metal ropes that squeezed, and squeezed hard.
 
  “Promise?” Powder asked, voice small, weak.
 
  Vi squeezed her eyes shut. “I promise.”
 
  They held each other for a few long moments, until the setting sun crept lower in the sky, until the camera read 
  
    Storage Full
  
   and then read 
  
    Low Battery
  
  , until the faint whirring of the machine slowed to a crawl, stopped, and left them in silence.




  
  “Theres a moment in every cup run where things start to clarify,” Ahri says, hands folded in her lap, “in terms of leadership and where your role is. No playoff team has ever won the boat without facing adversity — in adversity you find out who you are, where your real strength comes from.”
 
  She stares off into the distance for a moment before smiling lightly, glancing back at the lens. “On the three title teams I was on, what we had most was a strong captain who helped guide us, but we also had a lineup that could rely on each other. All four lines on the War Horses could score, and when our number was called we got out there and delivered the goods.”
 
  Ahri, in a War Horses jersey, leaning over the bench wall to listen as Akali knelt in front of her team, explained something in brisk, simple language. Ahri, in a Sumprats jersey, leaning on her stick as Vi knelt and did the same thing — emphatically turning her head to talk to every member of her team, a pep talk.
 
  “No team just walks to the finals and takes it,” Ahri says, “because the playoffs are a different beast — theres so much pressure on your back every time you hop the boards. Fans get louder, rattling their seats with the excitement, calls you wouldve gotten in the regular season go overlooked, players who would take a shift or two off a game are locked in and focused on beating you.”
 
  “Im not losing to this fucking team,” Ashe snarls, micd up as she skates beside Caitlyn.
 
  “Breathe,” Caitlyn replies, “breathe nice and deep — Ill get you your shot.”
 
  “Rivalries get sharper,” Ahri says over an image of Sejuani barking something at Ashe, her eyes bulging when Vi skates between the two women to say a few choice words back. Sejuani leans forwards, and Vi skates backwards, shrugging, her back to the camera as her head shakes lightly to emphasise her words. Sejuani looks like shes about to vault the bench to grab at Vi, and Vi pushes off again to keep skating, her face grim, angry.
 
  “Temperatures rise on the bench and on the ice. Mistakes are emphasised and mean more — much more — when you only get four losses. Bad teams start pointing at one another, start blame gaming. Teams with bad identities crack and fold in on themselves if they dont have a coach to set them straight and a few leaders in the locker room to smooth them out.”
 
  Claggor sliding between Darius and Riven, a big hand on both of their shoulders on the bench, their faces red from arguing. Soothing words come forwards, his hands shifting to their backs and patting as theyre faces start to become less red, Riven laughing, shaking her head.
 
  “It happens all the time,” Ahri says, “every year, sixteen teams figure out what theyre made of. Only one team gets to say theyre a winner.”
 
  Ahri looks down at her hands, flexing them. “Until yesterday,” Ahri says, “I thought that team was us.”
 
  Theres a blurred movement in the interview room as Claggor pops his head in.
 
  “Hey, Lux, Ahri,” Claggor says, unmicd, “its our turn to go visit. Were going to take my car.”
 
  Ahri immediately rises from her chair to unhook her lapel mic, and the camera shuts off.
  
  “Remember the grotto?” Powder asked. They were sitting beside one another on the reupholstered childhood couch, their feet on the coffee table — an act that wouldve driven Vander nuts. They put them there in solidarity with one another, a silent understanding that they didnt follow his rule anymore — with the house, with each other.
 
  “That was a good day,” Vi said, laughing. Theyd parked and walked hours until their feet were blistered in their mismatched sandals, too big for Powder and too small for Vi. They wound up ditching them after the second hour and took their chances with the tourist—flattened earth, walked under the blistering Zaun summer until theyd found a small cave with blisteringly cool, clear water — a short, easy climb to and from the path. 
 
  Submerging their aching feet had been a bonding experience, the two of them laughing away the uncertainty that the end of summer would bring — Vi to start college and to aim her sights at the draft, Powder to try to cobble together a career path out of scraps and an indefatigable spirit. They were both scared, both acknowledged that by not acknowledging it, kept their eyes forwards as they slipped inch by inch into the water to swim, splash one another, frolic a little while longer.
 
  “You dunked me,” Powder said, smiling a little, “told me that my hair was the same shade of the water.”
 
  “Wed never seen water that blue,” Vi murmured. The two fell silent, thinking of yellow bubbles and gas floating on air above murky ponds.
 
  “Hey,” Vi began, “why did you take the Sumprats job, anyway?”
 
  Powder cocked her head.
 
  “Your movies — theyre mostly about catching some rich assholes that got away with shit for too long, right? Why cover a hockey team?”
 
  Powder smirked. “Because the owner is a rich asshole that got away with shit for too long.”
 
  Vi chuckled. “So the whole him selling thing?”
 
  “He ran,” Powder said with a flick of her wrist, “doesnt mean hell get away. They always run near the end — Ive learned to let them tire themselves out. In the digital age, you cant outrun the speed of information.”
 
  Vi nodded at that, crossed an ankle to lean back in the couch, snuggle against the cushions. It was different — but that didnt mean it was bad.
 
  “Thats some cold shit,” Vi said.
 
  “Wasnt it? I wish I had been recording.”
 
  “Yeah — too bad. Write it down for the voice over or something.”
 
  “Oh,” Powder said, “theres no way Id voice over any of this. Too many good voices on the Sumprats.”
 
  Vis brow furrowed. “Wait, youre not packing up? I thought youd chase Silco out and be done with it — like your other stuff.”
 
  Powder wobbled her hand. “Lux and I are committed till the end of the season, and well — I dont know if youve noticed, Vi, but there are a legion of starving people out there looking for this documentary and the lesbian contents within.”
 
  Vi hacked a laugh, started coughing halfway through it — big and theatrical, making Powder laugh, too.
 
  “Dont say shit like that, fuck,” Vi said, “Im just out here trying to live.”
 
  “There are a lot of women,” Powder said, “based on thirst tweets alone, that would do anything for a shot at Caitlyn Kiramman. Lot of women whod do the same for you, too. If I ignore that, Im a terrible filmmaker — you have to throw a bone to the trends now and again in order to stay relevant.”
 
  Vi rolled her eyes. “So, what, the documentary is going to be about two hockey players in love to cover up the fact that its about corruption?”
 
  “No,” Powder said, eyes flinty and calculating, “its going to be a hit piece on a corrupt person, buried within a flamboyantly queer piece of media, disguised as a hockey teams story from scrap heap to success.”
 
  Vi grinned. “I like the sound of most of that.”
 
  “And speaking of queer,” Powder continued, “did I just hear you say love?”
 
  Did she? “Did I?”
 
  “Wish I could play it back for you. I believe you said two hockey players in love.”
 
  Oh. “Well.”
 
  Powder looked at her, expectantly.
 
  “Well, yeah. We L—bombed each other.”
 
  Powder howled, leaning back against the couch cushions, her eyes flashing with excitement.
 
  “Dont make a big deal out of it—” Vi started to say.
 
  “My big sisters in 
  
    wuuuuv
  
  ,” sing—songed Powder, “and here I thought 
  
    I 
  
  was the sucker. You fell in love in like, months.”
 
  “Hey,” Vi said, defensively, “weve seen a lot of each other on ice over the years, this wasnt — it didnt come out of nowhere. Plus, weve—”
 
  She stopped swallowed, and Powder eyed her for a moment, sizing her up.
 
  “Did I push too hard?” Powder asked.
 
  “No,” Vi began.
 
  “I can not tease you about it, if you want.”
 
  “I deserve to be teased,” Vi admitted, “Im totally gone over her, honestly. I think I have been for a while.”
 
  Vi exhaled, inhaled, and said, “Caitlyn and I have been seeing each other secretly for the past twelve years. Mostly casual sex.”
 
  Powder said, “I know.”
 
  “It was — wait, you know?”
 
  “I knew the second month,” Powder confirmed, “you used Isabelle Worthington as an alias — I hadnt heard that name since we used to play—act. Caitlyn used three aliases on rotation but all of them had her initials — Christine Klark, Caroline Kung, Charlotte Kitter. We got enough eyewitness accounts to at least speculate on it.”
 
  Vi narrowed her eyes. “So all this time — the twitter thing, the pointed questions, the trying to catch us coming and going—”
 
  “That was so much fun,” Powder said, laughing, “god, you really have the best teammates, Vi — they would 
  
    sell out
  
   to stop us.”
 
  “But— wait, you didnt — when you put it in—”
 
  “Its not going into the doc,” Powder said, gently, a soft smile on her face.
 
  Vi raised an eyebrow. “Why not? Itd be the juiciest part of the story for you two.”
 
  “It would be,” Powder allowed, “but Id never sign off on that without your okay. You were so clearly gone for each other that we deleted the raw footage of the interviews — we can tell the story without bringing up your history with one another.”
 
  Vi fidgeted, tapping her thumbs together in a gesture often mistaken for impatience. “Thats good,” she allowed, “thank you.”
 
  “I can talk about Caitlyns dating life if you want,” Powder said, conversationally.
 
  “No thanks.”
 
  “Theres this doozy of a chick named Dylan,” Powder continued, “made a whole blog about her torrid affair with an unnamed RHL player who is clearly Caitlyn.”
 
  “No, Im all good,” Vi said, laughing.
 
  They fell into a comfortable silence, Powder lifting her feet off of the coffee table to tuck them under her, Vi remaining sprawled out and comfortable.
 
  “Hey,” Vi said, “Im glad youre here. Im glad they picked you.”
 
  Powder hummed, eyes closed, and relaxed against the cushions.
 
  “We still have a lot to talk about,” she allowed, “but I am, too. Ive missed you.”
 
  “Well call it a successful first step,” Vi said.
 
  “A successful first few steps,” Powder replied, with a yawn, “now Im tired and I miss my girlfriend. You should go back to yours.”
  
  When Vi slipped into the master bedroom, the lamp was on. Caitlyn was fast asleep, curled around a book — clearly having waited up for her. Vi removed the book — and the reading glasses from Caitlyns pillow — set them on the bedside table and the glasses case, respectively, and pulled the covers over Caitlyns form a little more, smoothed them down to form a cocoon.
 
  Vi flipped the lamp off, watched Caitlyn in sleep — peaceful, quiet, scar on her face pronounced in shadow — and leaned against the patched up wall for a few moments, letting the emotion of pouring out Vanders story mix and muddle with her joy at seeing Caitlyn vulnerable, beautiful, peaceful.
 
  Then, heavy footed and heavy headed, she went to the bathroom to change, brush her teeth, get ready for bed. When she slipped under the covers behind Caitlyn, she rolled into Vis arms with a sleepy sigh, her arm, loose and floppy, resting around Vis waist.
 
  “How did it go?” Caitlyn asked, groggily.
 
  “Really well,” Vi murmured, voice thick and throaty with love, “go to sleep, babe. Ill tell you in the morning.”
 
  “Mkay, love you,” Caitlyn muttered.
 
  “Love you too.”
  
  The score was 3—0, and the Sumprats were losing for the first time in the playoffs.
 
  It was game 3 in the Wanderers—Sumprats series in Freljord. The first two games of the series hadnt been all that dramatic, with the Sumprats leaping ahead early and dominating on all fronts, but back in the Wanderers territory the world was a lot less clear.
 
  In Zaun, the Sumprats were 4 wins and 0 losses in the playoffs so far, never dropping a game on their home ice. They could ride that high, let the building take some wind out of their opponents, lean on the crowd for an energy boost when they started to flag.
 
  But Freijord loved their Wanderers, loved them in the way that only a cold climate could — when the warmth of the arena was much better than facing the blistering winds outdoors. Their stadium was vibrating with energy, pulsing with lusty passion, the whistles from the referees impossible to hear, the ruckus nearly deafening.
 
  “They even breathe out here, or what?” Mylo called across the bench, screaming to be heard.
 
  “Not really,” Ashe said evenly, deadly calm, staring across at the opponents bench.
 
  Sevika chomped her gum, looked at her captains, her teams, debated. There was no shame in turtling here, down a 3—0 hole midway through the game. The Sumprats had started sloppy, Ekko had gotten unlucky on two of the three shots taking a bad bounce, and all the momentum was on the side of the Wanderers. Theyd heard all the talk about the Sumprats being the best team in the playoffs and how they looked like worldbeaters, and the open speculation on whether or not itd be the Sumprats versus the Assassins, the Sumprats versus the Knights in the next round.
 
  Theyd beaten the Void, and were already counted out, and they were not happy about it.
 
  So there would be no shame in turtling and saying well get them next time, knowing that at least the fifth game would be back at Zaun.
 
  But Sevika didnt want to do the no shame thing. She didnt believe in settling for mediocrity. She didnt do things half—assed.
 
  Sevika caught Vis eye, nodded to the bench, and Vi tapped her stick against the glass and made the time—out gesture. It was whistled down as soon as the Sumprats gained possession of the puck, resulting in all the players on the ice suddenly milling around, the Sumprats skating back to their bench with heavy shoulders, the Wanderers with a buzz in their step.
 
  “Gather up,” Vi said, hopping the boards — Caitlyn following a few moments later, standing at Vis shoulder as the team formed a loose semi—circle with the two of them at its highest point. Vi took to one knee as the crowd started chanting 
  
    WAAAANDERER, WAAAAANDERER.
  
 
  “Were better than this,” Vi said, sternly, “were so much fucking better than those humps out there, and were going to start acting like it — right now. You notice how these guys are skating?”
 
  “Fearlessly,” Claggor said, nodding.
 
  “They trapped us. Tricked us into playing their game — dump and chase, ring around the rosie type shit. We dont play anyone elses game. We play Sumprats hockey. And whats Sumprats hockey?”
 
  “Beat the shit out of them,” Poppy said.
 
  “Thats just Vis hockey,” Caitlyn quipped, and the team laughed.
 
  “Exactly,” Vi said, pointing at Caitlyn and Poppy, “exactly what were going to do. Were going to give them the fucking shoulder. Were going to batter them and bruise them and make the refs make the decision to call it or let it ride. They came in here to see if were cut — they want to know if we bleed, so they can try and kill us. But were not losing to these humps.”
 
  “No we arent,” Ashe agreed, and the team hooted behind her.
 
  “Were not losing to this shitty team.”
 
  “No we aint,” Darius called.
 
  “Lets give them the fucking lumber,” Sevika called from her bench, “Illaoi, Leona, I want to see Wanderers lying down on the ice. Darius, Thresh — I hear lightning, boys, give them the thunder. Vi on the wing.”
 
  “Yes coach,” the players called, skating towards the faceoff circle.
 
  “Vi,” Caitlyn called, and Vi glanced back as she started to glide away.
 
  Caitlyn pointed to the other teams bench, and said:
 
  “Pretend theyre me.”
  
  Four seconds from the faceoff, a Wanderer skater had the puck beside his bench, skating up ice, his head down to check his handle when Vi hit him like a mack truck. He was sent over the boards and onto the laps of his teammates, one glove arcing in the air into the stands, his stick clattering somewhere at the players feet. Vis momentum had her jostled, spinning lightly as she adjusted her helmet, shot the team a grin as she corralled the puck.
 
  “Just returning your goods to ya,” she hollered as she raced up the ice. A defenseman came to cut off her angle of approach and she didnt think about deking — just protected the puck and lowered her shoulder to challenge the hit. Both of them were sent flying backwards, Vi managing to catch herself on her knee before springing upwards to chase the puck again, grin affixed to her face, feeling the wind blowing her battered, icy cheeks as she clashed sticks with a Wanderer, watched Darius handle the play down low and challenge not one, but two hits with his body, keeping the Wanderers at bay long enough to slip the puck to Thresh.
 
  Threshs play continued to thrive — it truly was like everyone was terrified of the skull on his helmet. He worked the puck behind the net, shifted once, and fired a beauty of a pass that hit Illaoi on the stick. She wound up to shoot, and Vi shuffled in front of the net to blind the netminder, try to get a piece of it on the misdirect.
 
  Illaois shot was like a hammer against Vis shin as it bounced off of her and into the back of the net — a play that the tendie didnt have a prayer of stopping. Vi lifted her arms in celebration as she skated to meet Illaoi, her team gathering around her as Wanderers all around them winced, wiped frost off of their jerseys.
 
  “I think every one of us got a shoulder on them,” Leona said, adjusting her pads from when theyd vibrated with the force of her slamming a winger into the corner.
 
  “Its gonna be a long game for these folks,” Darius said, grinning.
 
  As he made his way back towards the bench, the Wanderers gave him a wide berth — a berth that he acknowledged by smirking lightly, turning towards the Wanderers bench and giving them a little chin—nod as he skated past.
  
  “Darius,” Sevika murmured, tapping her lip with her marker.
 
  “What could you do with him?” Mel prompted.
 
  “Well,” Sevika said, “its always nice to have a faceoff guru on your team — I know that he prides himself on winning the important draws — he often says that hell let you win every draw in the game, but if theres one you 
  
    need
  
   to get in order to win, thats the one he takes from you.”
 
  “Hes slower than Id like, but he has synergy with Riven. Hes a family person — again, not required, but its good to have stability in a locker room — especially if things do wind up a little rowdier than anticipated.”
 
  “Darius keeps to himself,” wanted Sevika, “never known him to jump in when someone else is being hasty. Hes a good tool to bust out in big games, but were going to need scoring eventually.”
 
  Mel nodded. “So back to the drawing board?”
 
  Sevika nodded absently, then frowned. “Wait, is this his real games played stat?”
 
  “Darius? Yeah — I know. I had to double check it.”
 
  “Hes missed two games his whole career?”
 
  “He plays hurt,” said Mel, “he plays tough, he plays through personal crisis — he just plays hockey. Loves to play, plays for love.”
 
  Sevika shifted a few pages around, frowning down at them. “I like his plus/minus, too. Lineups with him score goals and dont get scored on, he doesnt miss games. Seems like a no brainer pick.”
 
  “And well have the best faceoff man in the game.”
 
  “Yeah, maybe,” Sevika said, “Id like to get Wickett on the centre dot sometimes, see how it feels. Shes competitive enough that she might be better than him once she knows all the tricks.”
 
  “Youre the boss,” Mel said, plainly.
 
  “Alrighty,” Sevika said, circling Darius, “what else is on our big draft board?”
  
  As soon as the puck hit the Wanderers stick, Vi was lunging, knocking the puck up and over the blade to send it wobbling into the neutral zone. The Sumprats were on the penalty kill and the reset would normally be the entire play — keep the Wanderers from pressing the attack, force them to regroup or change lines. But normally, the Sumprats werent down two goals in the second frame, fully expected to roll over.
 
  Poppy pounced on the puck, poking it further up ice, and Vi and Poppy — defensive specialists — were rumbling up the ice on the shorthanded chance, the Wanderers turning slow, chasing hard. Poppy flipped it to Vi on a terrible pass that Vi was forced to chase down, turning half to her left to keep possession of it, and then whirled quickly on her backhand, pulling the stick towards herself as time seemed to slow to a crawl.
 
  Shed practised this move — over and over and over — when she was in college and nobody on her line could pass. Keep the puck on your backhand, let it roll up the blade a little until it had air, and launch it at the net. The tendie usually bit too quickly, dropped too low, not expecting a backhand to get air, whistle hard.
 
  The Wanderers tendie bit, and Vi fired mid—spin, the puck rising over the trapper and hitting the back of the net.
 
  All at once, Freijlord tightened up — the arena quieting down, the nerves emanating, as their lead disappeared in a single period.
 
  “Sorry about the pass, Cap,” Poppy said, tapping her chest.
 
  “All good,” Vi said, grinning, “the result we wanted. Well try that scenario in practice.”
 
  As they skated to their bench, Caitlyn was hopping over the board to take her shift on the penalty killing unit. She stopped Vi with a hand on her abs, her eyes dark and curious.
 
  “Was that your trick shot?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  Vi grinned. “Yep.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded quietly, smiled lightly, and tapped Vis helmet in congratulations before taking her position on the ice.
 
  Vi was on the bench when Caitlyn snagged a pass from Illaoi and charged up ice — her form beautiful, strides long. She rested the blade of her stick on top of the puck, pushed it forwards, and effortlessly slid it right, left, and then turned in a tight 360 to dump it in the top right corner, the tendie flailing desperately to keep it out. The Sumprats ticked to three goals, and all the momentum was on Zauns end. Caitlyn spun her stick in her right hand, loose and relaxed as she glided towards her bench, clapping her glove against the line of her teammates as she smirked at Vi the whole way.
 
  When she sat down next to Vi, she leaned over to whisper:
 
  “That was mine.”
 
  Vi sent her a look, squirmed lightly in her seat, and tried to refocus.
  
  The Wanderers started to play desperate, then — taking long passes, forcing the chances instead of waiting for them to come naturally. It was Vis ideal situation — her stick constantly lashing out, hunting for turnovers, battling them back inch by inch. The Wanderers fought for every scrap they were given, and Vi kept them hungry, kept them desperate as the Sumprats played their game.
 
  Ashe started to become the difference maker — every time she was on the ice, she played hard. She took challenges in the corners, let her accuracy do the talking as she kept knocking on the door of a goal and falling just short. After she hit the post for the fourth time and nearly snapped her stick, Ahri skated alongside her, taking her shoulder and talking in her ear in a low, easy voice — too low for any other skater to hear it.
 
  The next time Ashe had the puck, she launched a Kiramman—esque shot — high and tight, aiming for the space above the goalies shoulder. The net vibrated with the impact and Ashe grinned, tapping her knuckles against her teammates and looking pointedly at Sejuani as she did a little queenlike curtsy.
 
  “What did you tell her?” Vi asked.
 
  “Told her to stop acting like a diva,” Ahri said, “and start scoring like an ice queen.”
 
  Vi leaned backwards. “That worked?”
 
  Ahri shrugged. “Youre the team mom, Caitlyns the team dad, but everyone needs an uncle to get pissed at for the family barbecue.”
 
  Vi nodded, laughed. “That makes a weird sort of sense. Why am I team mom?”
 
  “You take care of everyone,” Ahri replied, “Caitlyn shows them how its done, and I tell them the truth.”
 
  “Youre a great teammate, Ahri,” Vi said, warmly.
 
  “Least I can do considering Im playing like shit,” Ahri explained breezily, slid into position for a shift.
 
  Ahri was a step slow all series, couldnt turn as well as she had been during the season. Her back was bugging her — little tiny microscopic pains that had her wincing during games, trying to keep a bottle on it. Her teammates on the line were doing their best to bolster her — Mylo giving her easy passes and Poppy doing the heavy lifting on defence, but she stopped taking risks, started slowing down.
 
  Sevika pulled her out when shed only played 14 minutes, put a hand on her shoulder, crouched down.
 
  “Need to see the team doc?”
 
  “I can play through it,” Ahri said, wincing lightly, “but—”
 
  “Youre done,” Sevika murmured, keeping her voice low and private, “go see the team doc. We dont need you out here killing yourself for a game three.”
 
  Ahri nodded. “Ill be ready for next series.”
 
  “Youll be healthy,” Sevika corrected, “thats all that matters. Leave the strategy to me. Go on.”
 
  Ahri walked off of the bench as Sevika straightened up, looked at her team, and mulled her options before leaning towards Viktor.
 
  “We need a winger to fill in. Get Riven on Poppys line for now — lets see if she can cook.”
  
  “Youre joking,” Sevika said, staring at Mel and her newest hire — a kid from Piltover Academy who did stats analysis named Viktor — who twirled a cane.
 
  Mel nodded at Viktor. “Tell her what you told me.”
 
  Viktor tapped his leg. “Word is that Ahri just got modified shimmer enhancements to promote healing in her back.”
 
  Sevika tilted her head. “So?”
 
  “Its an experimental drug,” Viktor said, “but it has a high success rate. I can speak to its effects personally — I couldnt walk at all before I had it, couldnt bend my knee. Now I have 60% movement — the maximum I can get with my condition, thanks to the injection.”
 
  “What are you telling me?”
 
  “That medical experts at the league level are about three years behind on treatments, and theyre overestimating Ahris recovery time. If you follow the shimmer enhancement guideline for spinal injuries, she could be ready by February — January, if were lucky.”
 
  “In time for the playoffs next season?” Sevika asked.
 
  “February 2023,” Viktor corrected, smiling.
 
  Sevika watched him, turned her gaze to Mel. “You sure?”
 
  “Kid seems sure,” Mel said, “you hired him because you trust him, I assume.”
 
  “Im very sure,” Viktor said, tossing a thick tome of literature on the desk. “I read the reports thoroughly, and I know of the drug. I spoke with Dr. Lansbury to confirm it, and shes confident that Ahri could be ready if she does her offseason exercising. Take her with your last pick if you want — but if you pass her up, the War Horses will have their second best player back in time to battle you over it.”
 
  “Thats not all,” Mel replied, “rumour mill has it that if we take Ahri, Akali walks.”
 
  Sevika nodded, looking at the board of players, trying to assemble a lineup that could beat both Ahri and Akali on the same squad. “Thats too tempting.”
 
  “It feels messy,” Mel admitted, “but if we take Ahri and the War Horses lose two of their best players with one move, well — thats one less roster that went to the cup on our radar.”
 
  “Even if shes not back in time this season,” Viktor put in, “shes experienced. She can be a locker room presence, tamp down the Mylos and Illaois and the Ekkos of the squad. I know how much you like your veterans, Coach.”
 
  Sevika nodded, running a thumb over her bottom lip. “Most new assistants would pitch something much safer, Vik.”
 
  “Safety is a position in football,” Viktor said flippantly, “in hockey we want to win. This is my winning recommendation.”
 
  “Im in,” Sevika said, “lets kneecap the War Horses, and if were extremely lucky, well have another big time playoff—ready scorer on the squad.”
  
  On—Ice footage is locked onto Claggor, this games micd up player as he skates during a Wanderers assault, eyes locked on the puck as he flips his hips to skate backwards and cut off the angle of attack. He gets pulled into the corner to battle with the opposing centre, losing the battle as the Wanderers manage to get the puck to a forward crashing the net. The forward — his jersey reading Sanders — snaps a shot that Ekko needs to drop low to catch, and Sanders finishes the play by slamming on the brakes and sending a geyser of ice chunks towards Ekkos helmet, forcing Ekko — in a vulnerable position — to twist his head to the side.
 
  “Hey!” barks Claggor as he closes the distance, reaching out with one hand to block Mylo from screaming in for the hit from behind, “hey, what the fuck are you doing, man?”
 
  Sanders starts to skate away and Claggor skates with him, waving off Sumprats as he cuts Sanders path off.
 
  “Hey, man, were talking here — what the fuck are you doing?”
 
  “Im skating to my bench,” Sanders says, in a quiet voice.
 
  “You gonna snow my tendie in the third period of the playoffs? What the fuck is the matter with you?”
 
  “Let me skate to my—” begins Sanders.
 
  “You can go when were done talking. Youre not four years old. What are you pulling out here? You couldve blinded him.”
 
  “I didnt,” Sanders says.
 
  “What kind of piece of shit are you to do that to a goalie whos down?”
 
  Sanders starts to move past Claggor again, and Claggor turns to follow.
 
  “Yeah, sure, lets take it up with your bench — hey, Coach,” Claggor calls, skating to Sejuani, “you better sort that boy out.”
 
  “Ill talk to him,” Sejuani says.
 
  “He hits with his elbows out,” Claggor says, “he almost axe murdered Mylo on the shift before this, and now hes snowing my tendie, Coach. If he doesnt know the rules Id be happy to—”
 
  “Ill talk to him,” Sejuani repeats.
 
  “You do that, or Ill be having a three way convo with him,” Claggor says, voice low and deadly calm, “just me, him, and the ice hell be laying on. Grow the fuck up, kid — this aint November. Dont make me talk to you again.”
 
  “I promise, Clagg,” Sejuani says, leaning away from the bench to bark Sanders name.
 
  Claggor watches the bench for a moment before turning away, Darius joining him.
 
  “Fuckin kid tries snowing someone in the playoffs, you believe that?”
 
  “I saw,” Darius says, “what did you say to him?”
 
  “Just scared him a little. He pulls that shit again, though, I wont say a word.”
 
  The footage cuts a little further ahead, with Thresh and Mylo sitting on either side of Claggor.
 
  “Want me to pop him?” Mylo asks.
 
  “Nah,” Clagg says, “okay, listen — let me learn you a thing here. Youll never need to enforce a day in your lives — both too talented — but its like texting a crush. They text you first, you reply — you dont send two texts in a row. You gotta give them time to get the message.”
 
  Claggor squirts water into his mouth, wiping his lips with his sleeve. “I already sent my text. Lets see how he responds. If he doesnt reply, message received — but if he gets uppity, I get to deck him. You always do it yourself — thats the other thing. You dont send someone else to send your message. Consistency — thats how you get respect in the enforcing game.”
 
  “You just know this shit?” Thresh asks.
 
  “I picked it up as we went. Oh!” Claggor says, and Thresh and Mylo leap to their skates as the play bursts by them — Darius on the breakaway. “There he goes, there he goes!” Claggor calls out, excited.
 
  They raise their arms, leaning forwards, waiting for the call, and immediately start leaping up and down and hugging each other.
 
  “He gets it done! He gets it done!” Claggor cries, thumping on the boards.
 
  “Beaut, fucking beaut,” Mylo hollers, reaching his glove out to tap Darius as the older man skates by.
 
  “5 to 3 now,” Claggor says, grinning, “we dont have quit in us.”
  
  Sevika waited until Viktor left to get lunch, waited until it was just Mel and her, before she touched Mels sleeve.
 
  “Can we cycle back to Claggor, quickly?”
 
  Mel nodded, face tightening. “I thought we werent talking business during break.”
 
  “I didnt want to go over your head with Viktor here,” Sevika explained.
 
  Mels eyebrows shot up. “Go over my head?”
 
  “No — thats not what I meant. Look, you said this was my team, and I take you at your word that you mean that with regard to personnel. I want to overrule you on Claggor.”
 
  Mel folded her arms, regarded Sevika carefully. Sevika was suddenly acutely aware that this was technically her boss she was talking to — firing and hiring power, absolute autonomy. Mel was good at not making her feel like a sword was hovering over her neck, but Sevika felt the chill now.
 
  “He doesnt score,” Mel said, “and Im trying to find — ideally — 150 goals for the season while only allowing 75. Claggor doesnt have a high plus/minus, hasnt scored in years now — the enforcer model is old, out of date.”
 
  “Give me thirty seconds,” Sevika said, “and Ill tell you why youre wrong.”
 
  Mel leaned back in her chair, waved Sevika onwards.
 
  “So,” Sevika began, “we got the best defender, we got the best scorer and the second best scorer. Were bringing in all kinds of young talent, veteran talent to help them along, but we dont have anyone out there that can police the ice if things go hairy.”
 
  “The refs,” began Mel.
 
  Sevika shook her head. “No, look. Claggor isnt just an enforcer. He can skate okay and he has a good brain for hockey, but the reason — the real reason — that Caitlyn didnt find success on those Lone Stars years was because they couldnt protect her, right? They just left her out to dry. Claggor solves that instantly — the mind game shit, the skating behind her at opening drop shit, the elbows out skating, he knows how to respond to all of that. He knows the refs by name, he knows the other teams leaders by heart, and he has enough respect that he can just… talk to the opposing bench, apologise or set the tone or whatever he has to do.”
 
  Mel frowned at her phone. “Hes pricey for an enforcer. I can get an enforcer for a few million against the cap hit — I can pick one up in free agency without using an expansion draft pick.”
 
  “Claggors the best,” Sevika repeated, firmly. “I need him, Mel. No other enforcer is going to be as good. Ive skated against him my whole career and hes classy, smart, and knows how to step up.”
 
  “We draft him, were giving up 25 goals on the season.”
 
  “We draft him,” Sevika said, “and nobody fucks with our scorers, meaning they can get you that 25 extra.”
 
  Mel watched her for a moment, and sighed, rising from her chair to stroll to the board, circling Claggors name. “His contract is tradeable,” Mel allowed, “but Coach, if he doesnt prove worth his money, Ill be trading him next season for my 25 goals.”
 
  “Im right,” Sevika confirmed, smiling, “trust me.”
 
  Months later, when Claggors shoulder met Landsmans chest, Sevika got a text message. She didnt have her phone on her, looked at it long after the game and the media scrum and the fiery words behind closed doors were said.
 
  It was from Mel.
 
  
    You were right. Worth every penny
  
  .
  
  Caitlyn got Ashe another shot late in the third, the score 5—3 still, a horns locked battle between two teams that were gritting their teeth and getting down to brass tacks. As always, Caitlyn timed it perfectly — waited until a defender over—extended slightly and fired a rocket to Ashes right skate, a pass that shed fired over a thousand times. Ashe got it in stride, didnt even have to look down to know it was coming as she sprung free, raced to the slot, and made a pretty little around the back deke to slide the puck wide of the tendie and score. Her arms were up as the clock wound down to less than a minute left, a grin lighting her face as Caitlyn and Vi were there for the celebration, gripping her jersey.
 
  “What a fucking stud,” Vi laughed, and Ashe grinned, cheeks bright as the Wanderers milled about, dejected, shooting dirty looks at the Sumprats bench.
 
  When they all separated, Ashe started to skate towards her bench when Sejuani barked something to her — lost in the groaning of the crowd. Vi didnt even hear it, but sped up to be between Ashe and her former coach, gently pushing Ashe towards the bench.
 
  “Dont talk to my teammate, Coach,” Vi called.
 
  “Shes garbage anyways,” barked Sejuani, “that was unnecessary to do that to my tendie. Youre up.”
 
  Vi shrugged. “Sounds like a coaching issue.”
 
  Sejuanis face nearly went purple as she approached the bench, looking like she might leap over it as Vi did a neat little turn and pushed two more strides towards her bench.
 
  “Didnt make a friend there,” Ashe said.
 
  “Who needs a friend like that,” Vi replied, leaning on the bench.
 
  “Sit down, Vi,” Sevika ordered, “youve done enough damage to them today.”
 
  “Yes Coach,” Vi hollered, planting her ass on the wood, looking up at the score. 6—3 from a 3—0 hole. The Wanderers didnt have an answer for them — couldnt hang with them, couldnt close them out.
 
  “These cats do 
  
    not
  
   like the lumber,” Thresh said conversationally. The Wanderers werent skating fearlessly anymore — skating like they heard footsteps behind them, gingerly handling the puck and holding onto their bruises.
 
  “We sent them home black and blue,” Vi said, “good job, squad.”
 
  “Are the bars shit here?” Mylo asked Ashe.
 
  “Yep,” Ashe said without replying, looking at Vi. Slowly, she tapped her glove against Vis shoulder, making the other woman look at her.
 
  “Can you teach me to body up like you?”
 
  Vi looked at Ashes frame, pondered the question. “Yes, but well need to bulk you up some.”
 
  “Like Caitlyn?” Ashe asked, as the taller woman hopped the boards to join the ice.
 
  “Like Caitlyn,” Vi confirmed, and watched her — whatever — skate, her dark hair flying out of her helmet as she handled the puck and dumped it off, circling, eyes narrowed in concentration.
 
  “Its a promise,” Ashe said, but knew her captain was checked out.
  
  
    The Wandering Freijlords
  
  
    

  
  
    Formerly titled: Not Another Unofficial Freijlord Sports Blog
  
 
  On paper, we still have a fighting chance in this series, but it sure felt like the storybook run was over after last night.
 
  We have one more game at home to try and turn it around, but last night I saw everything go right for us — Ashe was off her game for the first time ever in a Sumprats jersey, we had two super lucky bounces to get us two easy scores, the soon—to—be MVP of the league in Caitlyn Kiramman wasnt finding angles to shoot, Ahri looked hurt, Vi Wickett was — okay, no Wickett was killing us. But we caught the Sumprats napping, and they were gloriously vulnerable for a period and a half.
 
  Sejuani was coaching a great game, keeping the lineups fast, we were working offensively, and we managed to net a goal on our own merits, and thats where the wheels came off.
 
  As soon as Wickett called that timeout, I thought to myself — 
  
    this is where we learn if the Wanderers are for real, because here comes the counter punch.
  
   The Sumprats are a mentally tough team, a physically tough team, and they have some battle hardened leaders that go to war on their bench — theres 0 chance that theyre going to lie down and take it. So I was hoping that wed respond to the counter punch with a swing of our own — go even more aggressive, try and press on their wounds a little, keep them bleeding.
 
  Instead, we folded like wet tissue paper. Six unanswered goals.
 
  We threw everything we had at them for the next thirty minutes of play, and they just shrugged us off. They beat the shit out of the Wanderers top two lines, they could score at will, and Ashe came alive in the third to send us home definitively.
 
  On paper, we have a game left. We could win it — but then game 5 is at The Last Drop, and I dont know if we can beat them on the road — not 4 straight times. Whats more, is that waiting beyond them are the Knights or the Assassins, who roast us in the playoffs.
 
  I hate to be a downer, but I feel like were out of gas in this one.
  
  “Was that your trick shot?” Vi tried to say mockingly, but it came out breathless and groan—y as she laid back on the cushioned benches of the Wanderers Away locker room, her hand reaching up to grip at the wooden dividers that kept the little cubbies distinguished from one another. If she tilted her head just right, she could see WICKETT and 6 hanging from her locker — the lingering smell of freshener coating the inside of her nostrils from the night crew keeping the place spic and span.
 
  Caitlyn was between her legs, a hand inside her hockey pants, doing her best despite the limited movement. The two had come back for night skate, worked themselves off a little bit, trying to evade the 
  
    thing
  
   between them that had held there since the game — Caitlyn doing a 
  
    spin move
  
   for god sakes. They had post—game meetings with the team, pressers, an interview for the documentary that theyd filmed with teasing smiles on their faces — footage that Powder had rolled her eyes through, telling Vi that maybe it was unusable — and then headed to night skate at the Wanderers arena, just the two of them late at night.
 
  Theyd given up two seconds into changing back into their street clothes.
 
  Caitlyn shuffled a little forwards to kiss at Vis jawline, little pecks that were confusingly chaste while her clever fingers worked inside her, teasing 
  
    that spot
  
   over and over again. Vi let out a breathless groan, her fingers gripping at Caitlyns practice jersey, fingering the material at her waist.
 
  “You were so 
  
    good
  
   today,” Caitlyn murmured.
 
  Vi stiffened at the words, shuddered lightly as her fingers itched up to press her thumbs against Caitlyns jaw as Caitlyn pulled back, watched her reaction as Vi stroked the pads of her thumbs down Caitlyns face, watching her quietly.
 
  “Thanks,” Vi said, a blush staining her cheeks. Caitlyn raised her eyebrow at her reaction, and God, Vi shouldve known that nothing escaped Caitlyns notice.
 
  “So 
  
    good
  
  ,” Caitlyn repeated, and Vi clenched lightly, “so 
  
    strong,
  
   so 
  
    fast
  
  .”
 
  Vi shuddered lightly, and Caitlyn chuckled lightly, pressing her face into Vis neck, kissing up to her ear.
 
  “You like me calling you good?” Caitlyn asked, accompanied by a thrust of her fingers into Vi.
 
  Vi nodded quickly, her arms coming around Caitlyns bulky shoulder pads, gripping the back of her jersey.
 
  “I love your voice,” Vi whispered, “like being praised, uh. No reason.”
 
  “You dont need to explain anything,” Caitlyn cooed, “you just need to be good for me and let me reward you, okay?”
 
  “Yes,” Vi said, too quickly, and groaned as Caitlyns fingers curled just right, stopped teasing and started well and truly pressing that 
  
    so good
  
   spot inside her, her fingers moving with purpose, with knowledge. Vi was no secret to Caitlyn anymore, all her confessions had been laid bare — Caitlyn, too, was as familiar to Vi as her own body was.
 
  Vi thought of her plumbing still roaring through the pipes, of her electricity still carried through wires.
 
  “Yes, reward me,” Vi said, “take me.”
 
  Caitlyn did.
  
  After, when the locker room was cleaned — 
  
    thoroughly
  
   — and they were tucked back in their hotel room after an 
  
    enthusiastic
  
   round of Vi repaying the favour, Vi curled her body around Caitlyns and, quietly, hesitatingly, broached the subject.
 
  “So,” Vi began, “Im at your house with stuff.”
 
  “You are,” Caitlyn confirmed. Great start.
 
  “And, I dont really go home, anymore.”
 
  Caitlyn nodded.
 
  “Thats uh,” Vi said, “whats up with that?”
 
  Caitlyn half—rolled, forcing Vi to shuffle backwards so she was wrapped around Caitlyns arm and torso, hand landing on Caitlyns breast. Vi let her palm wag left to right, feeling the skin move, the heft of it as Caitlyn levelled her with a curious stare.
 
  “You tell me,” Caitlyn replied, “youre the one who hasnt left.”
 
  “Well,” Vi said, hesitating, “I know you said Im always welcome.”
 
  “You are.”
 
  “And, like, I just wondered — what your thoughts are. On our living, you know.”
 
  “Situation.”
 
  “Yes, thanks. Our living situation.”
 
  “Well,” Caitlyn mused, “we have sex five nights a week, youve got half of a closet, a couple of drawers in my bedroom. Your toothbrush and electronics are here. My streaming account is full of shows you want to watch or have half started and abandoned out of boredom. You use my computer when you need to google something, you re—painted my master bath, and I cook us dinner most nights.”
 
  Vi thought about all of this, frowned, and said, “are we living together?”
 
  Caitlyn laughed. “By any definition, yes.”
 
  “Oh,” Vi murmured, “we never talked about it.”
 
  “We can, if youd like,” Caitlyn said, “it was on my agenda, but I wanted to give you space to talk to Powder, keep you processing one thing at a time.”
 
  Vi pulled Caitlyn a little closer, jostling her until they were face to face, their breath shared. Caitlyn made a face at Vis — she probably smelt herself, a little bit. Vi hadnt gotten up to brush her teeth yet.
 
  “Do you think,” Vi asked, pausing to consider the words, the weight of them, “when the seasons over, do you think that we could find a new place? Maybe near the area, so we dont leave Janine, Carrie, and the others totally behind?”
 
  “You want me to move?” Caitlyn asked.
 
  Vi nodded. “I just — that house feels like your home. I think Id want to find something thats more…”
 
  She searched for the words again, and Caitlyn watched her, let her process through it, patient and caring and observant.
 
  Vi was going to cancel her electric, her water, tomorrow morning.
 
  “More ours,” Vi breathed, “I guess.”
 
  Caitlyn slid her hands around Vis waist, pressed her lips to her temple.
 
  “Id love nothing more,” she said, reverently, 
  
    relieved
  
  . Vi, too, felt relief in her bones.
 
  Vi thought back to the version of herself that saw Caitlyn in that red dress, with the award at the bar. She thought back to what she wouldve told herself if she couldve — what advice she wouldve imparted upon a younger her when she was bolstering her courage to go talk to the stunning woman who had beaten her to a trophy.
 
  
    Take care of her,
  
   shed have said, 
  
    watch her closely, because shes going to be the best thing to ever happen to you. Shes going to heal your wounds and youre going to be her rock and the two of you are going to cling to one another in storm after storm. Youre going to hear her say she needs you, and youre going to say that you waited for her, and shes going to say I love you, and youre going to say it back.
  
 
  
    Take care of her, because youre going to get twelve years of her.
  
 
  
    Take care of her, because youre going to think its too short. Youre going to mourn the moments you didnt get to spend at her side, and youre going to resolve to do better.
  
 
  
    Take care of her, Vi.
  
 
  
    Because shes going to take care of you.
  
 
  “Please go brush your teeth,” Caitlyn groused.
 
  In response, Vi leaned closer, opened her mouth, and exhaled an 
  
    okay
  
   in the space between them, making Caitlyn scrunch her nose and shove her away, a laugh trapped in her throat.
 
  Vi shot her a lingering look over her shoulder as she leapt out of bed, scratched at her nose, and went to get ready for bed.




  Tennis balls hitting a wall in slow motion, a soothing and repetitive rhythm: 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
  “That brings us to…” Mel murmured, “goaltending.” “Heres where we get screwed,” Sevika said, rubbing a thumb across her bottom lip. “Most clubs covered their tendies pretty well.” “The question is which backup can eat thirty games for us so that Graves can be healthy going into the playoffs.” Viktor commented. “Having an old soldiers risky,” Mel said, “riskier than Id like.” “Dont have a choice,” Sevika replied, pulling a pack of nicorette out of her pocket and crackling a piece out into her hand, tossing it into her mouth. “This is the one area that weve been actually muscled out — we got value at every other position, but with goaltending…” “Were taking a swing either way.” Mel muttered. “I have eight names,” Viktor said, “I dont have total confidence in any of them.”  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 Number 19 in goalie pads, SUMPSNIPE stencilled on the back of his jersey, a smaller stature in net as his pads kick out to either side, robbing a Wanderers skater who had a breakaway. 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 “Holy cow,” Marvs voice echoes over 19 sprawled in the crease, glove snatching a puck from a sure goal, “the kid is  on  it tonight!” 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 Number 19s stick lashing out to break up a pass, then his legs kicking out to block the rebound, recovering lightning quick as WICKETT skates past and taps his helmet with her stick.  “What about Kerrigan?” Sevika made a face. “Injury risk. Wed love to have them but theyve got the same injury history as Graves.” “Goals against is the lowest on the column,” Mel murmured, “but we cant have two injured goalies if were making a deep run.” “Jax?” “Too expensive,” Sevika grunted. “With Kiramman, Ahri, Wickett, and the Kampfs cap hits, we only have a few mill to play with,” Mel explained. “What about Tali? The newer backup for the wanderers?” “Were taking Ashe,” Mel reminded. Viktor frowned. “Right, sorry. Okay, so were looking for someone cheap — which means underrated — and young — which means untested.” Sevika winces. “God, this could be where the run dies.”  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 19 shoving at a Wanderer in front of his crease, shoving harder when the Wanderer doesnt budge. The Wanderer — last name Sanders, the same Wanderer who snowed 19 in the previous game — still doesnt budge, so 19 skates backwards, lets Sanders enter his crease, and rears back for a massive two handed shove that sends Sanders crashing to the ice — a legal hit when a skater is in the box. Sanders whirls on the ice to bark at 19, but 19s attention is on the play, hugging one post, watching.  “Young tendies get intimidated,” Sevika said, “young tendies fold under pressure and kill us in the playoffs. It only takes one joker to test you and shake your confidence, and it might as well be curtains.” “So we need someone who doesnt break,” Mel said. Viktor frowned, shuffled a few papers, and glanced up, a gleam in his eyes.  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 Sanders goes in for a rebound, and 19 flings his body to the right, flailing limbs and desperation as the puck clacks off of the top of his stick. Showing lightning quick reflexes, Ekko turns in midair to snatch the puck out of the air, turns towards the net, and covers up. When he stands, he pulls off his blocker, and wags a finger in a  not today  motion at Sanders, who spits on the ice.  “Zaun natives?” Mel asked. “You want someone who doesnt break — someone with attitude. You want someone whos cheap, untested, young, unproven — that narrows our search considerably. Two names.” “Clyde Umbreller is a no,” Sevika said, craning her head to look over Viktors shoulder, “he had that punching incident — I dont want anyone like that on my squad.” “Whos Sumsnipe?” Mel asked.  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
  “New kid on the block,” Viktor said, “like most Zaun kids that came up in the system, he chose his name based on his neighbourhood.” “Any literature on him?” Sevika asked.  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
  “Rode the wood for a season last year, third string G. All anyone said about him in the profile was that he never stopped training.” Sevika read the skinny paragraph on the kid, frowned, looked at Mel. “Its your roster, coach,” Mel said.  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 19 gathers the puck at the right of his post and flings it towards the opposing net, the camera following it as it hovers in midair, hits the ice, and rolls into the empty net in the Wanderers end, to the collective groans of the home crowd. 19 then does a goofy golf—shot celebration while WICKETT and KIRAMMAN come around him, laughing as they rub his head with their gloved hands.  “Give the kid a shot,” Sevika said.  “And as the final buzzer sounds, we have officially witnessed history folks! First timer to the playoffs Ekko Sumpsnipe is the first goaltender in RHL history to record two shutouts in his first trip to the playoffs! Forty two saves!” “You get the feeling that this one needed every trick in his bag — game four, the sweep on the line, the Wanderers desperate to not go home this early and Sumpsnipe said no thank you, goodbye.” “The patience, the poise, the lightning quick reflexes — hes looking like a ten year vet out there. Theres a bright, bright future from Ekko Sumpsnipes goal crease.” Footage of the Sumprats mobbing Ekko, tearing his helmet off as he leans his sweaty head back to cry out at the quiet crowd, elation on his features as the Sumprats advance to round three.  
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 
   Thu—thump snap—snap. 
 Thirty minutes later, Ekko is dressed in a workout uniform, tossing two tennis balls at a wall in each hand and catching them, his hands a blur, the green fabric going so fast that it looks like a green line on the footage, his gaze focused, determined as his eyes flick from hand to hand. The footage jumps to Ekkos hotel room, and the green fabric is still a blur, his eyes are no less focused as he begins to sway back and forth, keeping the balls in the air, keeping his hands on them as he goes. The footage jumps again to Ekkos apartment, where he runs the same drill, with focus and commitment. Sevika, sitting in the stool with her jogging suit on, scratching idly at her neck as she half—looks at the interviewer. “Who was I most wrong on?” Sevika asks, and then, definitively: “Ekko.” Old footage of Sevika talking to the players, Ekko sitting a little behind graves, stretching, the backup goalie sweater on his torso. “Ekko is cold blooded, relentless, and the hardest worker on the team. Hes transformed himself from a backup to a franchise tendie in a single season.” Ekko listens to something Graves whispers to him in practice, barks out a laugh, and pushes the big man playfully. Graves stumbles, points to his wobbly skates, and cries  see?  Ekko chuckles, rolls his eyes, and skates to his crease, his mask flipped down as he goes. 
  Run at the Cup.
 
  Round Three: Theirs
 
   "Its not the will to win that matters—everyone has that. Its the will to prepare to win that matters."—Paul Bryant 
  “Okay, okay, you hooligans, settle down,” Sevika says as she walks into the rowdy Wanderers Away locker room, the Sumprats enjoying their win — their second sweep of the playoffs — and Mylos impression of Sejuani as she screamed at her bench while her players checked out, most of their attention staring at the 3—0 scoreboard. “Ladies and gentlemen,  the  Coach of the Year finalist, Sevika!” Vi barks as Sevika rolls her eyes and makes the  simmer down  motion with her hands as Caitlyn lets out her signature piercing whistle. “Alright, alright, lets all take a minute — we aint done anything noteworthy yet,” Sevika says, waving away the applause, “but first things first — that game out there wasnt anything to celebrate. We came away with the dub because the Boy Savior stood on his head for us, so — game puck, Ekko.” The room erupted into applause as the tendie rose to his feet and accepted the puck, lifting it up and setting it reverently on his locker shelf. “Second thing, Sumprats,” Sevika says, letting the locker room settle for a moment. “Second thing,” she begins again, and then smiles, “welcome to  round three !” “YEAH!” roars Ahri — in street clothes, having taken the game off for her back — pumping her fist in excitement. Of every player, coach, and staff member in the room, only Ahri had been past round three. Half of the room had never seen round 2. “Weve got a lot heading our way,” Sevika says, “and because the Assassins just beat the Knights to tie the series up tonight, weve got some time off ahead of ourselves. We wont know who were playing until the end of the week, so rest up. No partying, no stupid shit. When we find out our matchup we do drills every night — I want to hit them while theyre still catching their breath from beating the snot out of each other.” “Curfews still apply,” Poppy says immediately, “check in text is still mandatory. Claggor and I will be following up — do  not  make us chase you.” She made a pointed look in Riven and Mylos directions, and both lifted their hands innocently. “Ive been good,” argues Riven, to a chorus of laughter as she becomes indignant. “I have!” Vi slowly lumbers to her feet, clapping a hand on Rivens shoulder. She has ice wrapped around her bad knee, tape securing it. “The young blood wont appreciate this I think, but I want to thank you all for everything. Ive never been past round two because of a certain someone who will remain nameless.” Caitlyn makes a face to a chorus of titters. “But I dont give a fuck who were facing — no Assassins, no Knights, are gonna stop us now. Were going to the finals. Were winning a fucking cup.” “Thumprats on three,” Claggor yells, rising to his feet and stepping towards Vi as the team rises and jostles forwards as one. “One—two—three,” Claggor calls. 
   THUMPRATS! 
  “This is a very exciting day for me, Jack,” Taylor Swiffer said on the  Tayl and Jack  podcast, a grin clearly apparent over the speakers, “because I get to finally rub your face into stuff you said at the beginning of the season.” “Im less excited,” Jack admitted, “but honestly, this has been a long time coming, and has been a really humbling experience.” “Ill bet.” “Shout out, by the way, to the hockey twitter fans who kept reminding me of my Vi Wickett takes at every and all opportunities. Keeping me one hundred.” “You deserve it! You said she couldnt win and that the Sumprats shouldnt even take her.” “I did, because Im a moron. Okay, let me—” “Take it away!” “Ive got a whole thing. Alright, so — new listeners, just a look behind the curtain on this — Taylor and I havent been podcasting together for all that long, and we were feeling each other out for the majority of the season, just trying to get a bead on—” “Its been a hell of a year to start a new partnership.” “Yeah, just trying to get a bead on how this felt. And mostly, its felt really good! We both have takes that weve been ashamed of, but in this business it actually  hurts  your rating to go back on an opinion — thats why hot take artists exist, thats why double down culture exists.” “Sicknesses.” “Absolutely. So the Vi Wickett is Bad, Actually take — that was actually really  good  for my career, and whats worse is that I strongly believed it. When you watch a lot of hockey — and between Taylor and I, I think we watch, what, 40—50 hours of hockey a week?” “Yeah, about that.” “Minors, majors, in country, out of country—” “Ive been into collegiate hockey this year.” “Yeah, college hockey. We watch a  lot  of hockey. So when you watch  that  much hockey, a lot of the nuances of the sport you start to understand, but you kind of lose the forest because the trees are in the way — and I think thats what happened with my Vi Wickett is Bad, Actually take.” “But now?” “Im getting there — I owe our listeners a full explanation of it so suffer with me as I relive this.” Taylor laughed. “Alright,” Jack said, “so. It didnt really become clear to me until I watched a talented Ironfists team — built to win, allegedly — flail around and piss themselves in the face of a much,  much  weaker team in the Lone Stars and drop in five games. I kept thinking to myself say what you will about Wickett, but she would die before letting her squad do that.” “Wasnt it telling?” Taylor asked. “ Super  concerning,” Jack confirmed, “because — as I said at the beginning of the year, I keep Wicketts stats in my front pocket because I have this argument so many times. And looking at the stats, there isnt a time that Wickett scored  a single point  in a playoff series. She got the two assists in the first series she ever was in as a professional, said  never again will I let my team down , and absolutely blew up the scoresheet every other time she made it. Even when she was getting waxed by the Lone Stars and Kiramman, she went down swinging — and thats exactly what you want from your star player.” “Yes, exactly,” Taylor confirmed, “dont roll over. Go down swinging, fight until the last horn.” “Then, you have Wickett, who has led a team defensively to not a  single  loss in the playoffs so far, sitting pretty on eight wins, zero losses, and shes probably watching this Knights—Assassins series and licking her chops to go against an exhausted team next round. And — I have a lot of Ironfists fans who are saying now that I just hate the Ironfists and that Wickett has a better team than shes ever had on Ionia, and — guys, the amount of copium—” “Thats ridiculous.” “The amount of copium — okay, look. At the beginning of the year, everyone —  everyone  — was roasting the Sumprats roster, alright? You heard it from Teddy, you heard it from Melgrave and Hodges, they were calling them a 38, maybe 40 win club. I saw predictions as low as  thirty  games. So you cant tell me that now that because Wickett and Kiramman have whipped these box of scraps into an Iron Man suit that its a superteam because thats just fucking wrong.” “Yeah, you dont get it both ways — they cant suck at the beginning and now be the best team in the league.” “And thats  because  of the captains the squad has — like Kiramman absolutely gets her flowers for the offence, but this Sumprats squad is  swallowing  teams whole and spitting out their bones. The Artifacts scored  two goals  against them. Thats not Kiramman doing that — thats all Wickett.” “Its coaching, too — but its probably pretty easy to coach a perennial Defensive Player of the Year candidate into being good at defence.” “By the way — the awards—” “Thats next segment, you havent apologised yet.” “Oh, okay — sorry. Looked ahead on my cue cards.”  “The fact that you write out—” “Dont do this to me on air,” Jack whined. “The— no, folks, he writes his beats out by hand on his cards. Jack has never heard the word voidPad in his life.” “The whispering creeps me out. Also, youre distracting me, shut up — so the thing that Im dancing around saying is that Vi Wickett is an absolute winner, and I was tricked into thinking I was right this season when the Ironfists got the 2nd seed in the east. But theres a difference between winning and just not losing, and when it comes right down to it, these Sett—led Ironfists are built not to lose — theyre not built to win. They have four lines of consistent mediocrity, but nobody on that roster is going to step out in the middle of a 3 nothing shelling, gather their team around them, and tell them how to get out of the hole.” “That was absolutely breathtaking.” “Ive never seen  anything  like it. I went from saying Oh, wow, the Wanderers have them where they want them to oh my god the Sumprats are going to do it in like, three minutes.” “Vi Wickett.” “Vi fucking Wickett. Anyway, I dont think she listens to this show, but Vi, if youre out there — I was wrong about you at every single turn. I was wrong about your squad, I was wrong about your coach — just huge, massive L on my forehead. Im now a Sumprats guy this playoffs, and until another team out of the five remaining can prove that they have someone better than Wickett, its the Sumprats cup to lose.” “Could be Garen,” Taylor mused, “you never know.” Jack let out a noncommittal noise. “The Knights are a tough out, but this Sumprats team has the juice right now. Itd take a truly special team to unseat them.”  The opening chords of All Eyes on You begins to play, a strumming low guitar as various Piltover Lone Stars begin to display across the screen — among them, Jax, Shani, and Akali, looking mean spirited and determined. Akali skates across the blue line with the Ironfists hot on her heels, dangles the puck out and to the right before snapping it home and skidding into the corner to point at the teammate who fed it to her. Lucian prowling the bench, clenching his clipboard with a tight fist as he begins to yell encouragement, fistpumping as the bench all begins to celebrate, immediately leaning down to tap a few helmets and bring them in so he can explain the next sequence. Adler getting a pass on a one timer, faking the shot, and splitting the defence for a big goal, turning to grin at her two big, mean—looking line partners that squeeze her in a big hug — new faces, callups that Lucian and Matthew Hill filled the roster with. Matthew Hill, the GM of the new Lone Stars, biting his thumbnail and watching from the entry hall, his other hand holding his cell phone limply as he exhales in relief, begins texting immediately. The Lone Stars in the locker room as Lucian walks them through the War Horses offensive assignments, occasionally throwing it to Akali who talks with her hands. Landsman is not in the meeting. Jax twirls his pencil and makes a few notes. The image fades in to Jax making a huge save on a War Horses jersey, turning a surefire goal into a rebound right to Akalis stick as the Lone Stars turn it up ice. The War Horses fans greet Akali with a chorus of boos as she dekes around a War Horses skater tries to poke it away, effortlessly chains the move into a tight spin as she lifts the puck past Rells pads to score. She turns towards the crowd, nodding and grinning as she skates into the arms of her mobbing teammates, the score 3—1. The Lone Stars win game two in similar fashion — Lucian studying until deep into the night, drilling it into his team, cameras around to catch every moment of it — a once closed—lipped and tight knit operation is suddenly bombarded with media as Lucian and Hill have nothing to hide. A news anchor on ESPN taps her sheets onto her desk and smiles as the screen behind her turns into Shani Adler on the breakaway, leading the War Horses to score on a flopping Rell. “The Lone Stars took a commanding 3—1 series lead today with their two goal shutout against the War Horses. Team Captain Akali leads the scoring with six goals across the four games, and had this to say in the post game presser.” “I had this series circled on my calendar,” Akali says into the microphones, a towel around her shoulders, and shrugs. “They know why.” Ahri is in her home, working on stretching her back with a series of yoga poses — Caitlyn beside her. They work through Caitlyns routine of stretching and pliability, the secret to how Caitlyn always — always — stayed on the ice. Ahri watches the news report with an unreadable expression, catches the camera on her, and narrows her eyes at it. “Hoping for a sneak peak?” Ahri asks, gesturing to her sports bra. Caitlyn laughs lightly beside her as the footage skips to Lucian on the bench, speaking quietly and insistently to the referees as the War Horses lead by one goal. Lucian keeps gesturing towards the defensive zone, arguing something as the referees shake their head, their lips unreadable, their backs to the camera. The footage slowly refocuses to show Jax standing alone in his crease, leaning on his stick with both hands, looking utterly unconcerned. The referees reconvene, point to the centre circle, awarding the War Horses a penalty shot to take a two goal lead. The skater who takes it approaches from the left side, going low, faking Jax to come with him as he suddenly shoots it towards the top drawer. Jax lifts his stick with a single hand, bats the puck away, and rises to his feet to roll his shoulders, again looking unaffected as the Lone Stars crowd begins to go ballistic. “Great job by the new heads of this organisation,” Marv says on the call, “because this crowd is starting to believe in the pointed star once again.” Akali passes to Adler in the slot, who passes it to one of those big, mean—mugging new skaters to bury the one—timer to tie it up to the approving roars of the crowd. A fan films form her cell phone, turning the camera around to stare wide—eyed into it. “WERE GOING TO OVERTIME, BABY!” she screams, shrilly. In Overtime, the skaters shrink down to three on three. It takes less than a minute for Akali to race up ice with the puck on her stick, dodge the defenders, and beat Rell on the glove side as the Lone Stars advance to the Semi Finals, beating the War Horses in six games. Akali raises her stick to the crowd as she celebrates, dodges her teammates to race to the War Horses bench, and stops in front of it to raise her eyebrows at her former coach. The audio completely cuts out — isolated, low and hard to hear, are Akalis words. Subtitles appear at the bottom of the screen. “That was for Ahri,” Akali says, and skates to hug her teammates as they leap on top of her. “The Piltover Lone Stars advance to the Semi—Finals, where theyll meet the Bangle City Red Pandas in a best of seven series. The winner gets to punch their ticket to the Runeterra Cup Finals against the Western representative, and a shot at true glory.” Sevika and Viktor sit in the coaches lounge, as Mel bursts in, hair floppy and unkempt for the first time captured on Powders camera. Sevika is slumped, fist on her temple as she watches the television — Viktor is taking notes. “You hear?” Mel calls as she steps inside the room. “Yep,” Sevika says, without moving her eyes or her posture, “the team that wont die.” “There any way they get past the Pandas?” Mel asks. “Yep,” Sevika repeats. “They dont match up on paper, but the way Adler is playing, the Lone Stars might have the two best players in the series,” Viktor says, “and this Lucian guy—” “Coach Lucian,” Sevika corrects, still in the same position. “Coach Lucian, sorry,” Viktor says, “is a wizard with scheming. Hes finding holes and assaulting them relentlessly in the other teams defence.” “Do we have holes?” Mel asks. “Were better than any team theyve played so far,” Viktor says, hesitantly, “but our next series is going to be a battle. No telling what shape well be in.” “We beat them four times out of five,” Sevika says to the television, “but hockeys hockey. Cant make guarantees.” Mel frowns at her. “I expect a little more out of you.” “Okay,” Sevika replies. Mel watches her for a moment, narrows her eyes, and then glances at Viktor. “Plan to play them, just in case. The Red Pandas are weak.” Viktor nods, Mel leaves, and Sevika stares at the television. “You feeling okay, boss?” Viktor asks. “No,” Sevika replies, eyes dancing over the shapes on the screen. When Viktor glances back at his clipboard, Sevikas eyes dart to where Mel left, and she suddenly rises to give chase, hobbling slightly on her bad knees. The camera shakes a little bit as its handed to someone else, and its on the move, pushing out the doorway to film down the hall, where Sevika is standing in profile, gesturing wildly with big hands. She stands still for a moment, looking incredulous, and narrows her eyes downwards as a slim, dark—skinned finger with gold polish lifts from around the corner to jab at her chest. Sevika smirks, raises her eyebrows, and takes a step forwards — disappearing around the corner. As the camera moves again to give chase, Viktor places his arm across the doorway, levelling the camera with a patient stare. Gently, he pushes down on it until its pointing at his shoes, and the footage cuts.  The Assassins couldnt put the Knights away in Game 6, the Knights holding onto the lead the entire game, and so the series went seven, giving the Sumprats an extra two days of practice and anxiety and figuring out who they were going to play in the next round. Caitlyn and Vi, to help combat the unease, hosted a Game 7 watch party at Caitlyns place, invited the whole team and their plus ones. Riven asked Vi if she could bring a plus one if she wasnt sure it was a permanent situation, just that Riven promised them that she could meet some hockey players. Vi asked how messy the guest would be, and Riven responded that shed be coming solo. Claggor asked Vi what they should bring, if anything — and if Caitlyn needed a hand in the kitchen during. Vi said that Caitlyn would bite off any hands in her kitchen, but put Claggor on ice duty and asked him to make sure someone brought cups and snacks. Ekko asked if he could see Caitlyns rig while they were there, and Vi, increasingly exasperated, asked what a rig was. Ekkos silence meant that he probably just asked Caitlyn. By the time Mylo asked Vi what time they should be at  their  place, Vis brain caught up to all the implications. “The team knows were living together,” she said as Caitlyn made the chip dip. “Im not sure they  know ,” Caitlyn hedged, “but they can assume because we carpool everywhere.” “No, they know. They keep referring to the house as  our  place.” “Oh,” Caitlyn murmured, glancing to the side of the clear baking dish she was using for the dip, judging her layer thickness. “I see.” Vi bit her thumb, looked at Caitlyn. “I dont know the rules for co—hosting. Ive never done it before.” “I imagine its the same as regular hosting,” Caitlyn replied. “Right,” Vi said, nodding, and then followed up with, “so the only parties Ive hosted were like, you know. Big, loud, stupid ones.” “Bro ragers,” Caitlyn summarised. Vi laughed, thinking of the noise complaints, the general devil—may—care attitude of the times when things appeared simpler. “Yeah. Bro ragers.” “Ive only ever hosted high society ones. They called it  entertaining .” Vi loved it — absolutely loved it — when Caitlyn took on her Piltie accent, made her accent even more posh and stiff. She wondered if Caitlyn knew how funny she was. “I think the vibe were going for is halfway between a bro rager and a high society thing.” Caitlyn nodded. “Well aim for it, and see where were at.” The doorbell rang, and Darius was the first to arrive, a box of chocolates in his left hand and the hand of a slender woman with short blue hair in his right. “Hey, Im a little early — the sitter came early. Hope thats okay?” “Sure,” Vi said, a hand in her hoodie pocket as she let the two in, “anything to help you escape the hellions.” The woman laughed. “Theyre not so bad once you get used to them.” “Vi Wickett, this is my wife, LeBlanc,” Darius introduced, “LeBlanc, this is cap — Vi Wickett. Caitlyn Kiramman is the tall one in the back.” “Ive heard so much about both of you,” the woman said, smiling as she shook Vis and Caitlyns hands. “Likewise,” Caitlyn said, smiling softly. Darius arm slowly went to wrap around LeBlancs waist, a move so comfortable and easy that Vi wondered at it, envied the familiarity and the closeness. Later, when her teammates were wolfing down chips and talking loudly over the puck drop, Caitlyn touched Vis knee to get her attention — a quick and innocent touch, like shed done it a thousand times before, and Vi realised that she already had what Darius had — what Leona and Diana had, sitting so close that Diana was almost on the other womans lap. Ekko and Caitlyn at one point snuck upstairs with Poppy and Thresh to goggle at Caitlyns PC — thats what a rig was, evidently — and Riven and Vi went to the guest room to check out Vis home workout setup — coming along slowly but surely, a custom built squat rack against the far wall. Ahri hung around too, talking about back strengthening exercises, discussing yoga. “Caitlyns shown me a lot of that, too,” Vi said, “the stretching and shit. It really works long term.” “Ill just bet,” Riven said, and elbowed Ahri — Ahri elbowed back, grinning. Vi rolled her eyes, but couldnt shake the smile on her face. “You look happy, Vi,” Ahri said, grinning, “it looks awesome on you.” “Thanks,” Vi said, softly, “it feels good.” Later still, the team was watching with tension in their gazes as the Knights clung to a 4—3 lead, time winding down as KaiSas exhausted face filled their screen, bent low to conserve energy. “Come on, Assassins,” Mylo said through his hands on his face. “You wanna play Shadow Isles? Youre nuts,” Poppy declared. “I dont care about playing either of them,” Mylo admitted, “but Im sucked in by the drama.” “Doesnt matter who we play,” Claggor said, chomping on a chip, “were as good as any of them.” All at once, their phones all buzzed — nearly simultaneously. Most RHL players had similar alerts set up — it was one of the first things you did as a rookie to keep abreast of all the rapid changes that their sport held.  “Holy shit,” Illaoi said, and then nudged Caitlyn from where she was resting her head on Vis shoulder, “hey, Captain, congratulations.” “MVP!” Mylo yelled. “I knew it! I  knew  it!” Vi smiled, looked down at Caitlyns phone as she scrolled through the leaked awards — there it was, in big, bold font. League MVP — Caitlyn Kiramman. “Congrats, babe,” Vi said, turning her head to press her lips into Caitlyns hair. “Thanks,” Caitlyn said, a little dazed, snuggling in closer as  Sevika won Coach of the Year, too!  echoed in the room, drowning out the television as the Sumprats eagerly read the leaked awards. “MVP, Rookie of the Year, Goalie of the year — sorry, Ekko.” “Eh,” Ekko shrugged, “I only got the start after Graves got busted up.” “Still,” Caitlyn called, “you deserved it. Youre as good as Doorman.” “Thanks,” Ekko said, rubbing his head awkwardly as Rivens brow furrowed. “Wait,” Riven said, “wait — they gave Defensive to Garen?” Vi could feel her teammates eyes on her as she glanced back down at Caitlyns phone — the voting having her second place behind the Knights captain. She chuckled lightly. “We trade it every few years. Its bound to happen.” “Youre better than Garen,” Caitlyn said softly, looking up at her. Vi thought about standing outside of the bus, telling Caitlyn she was better than Akali. “Negligably,” she replied. Caitlyn shook her head, tapped Vis collarbone as the Sumprats turned their attention back to the television, giving them their moment. “ You ,” Caitlyn said, “are better than Garen. By a longshot.” “Thanks,” Vi said, but her gut felt a little achey, a little burning, as she glanced at the television to see Garen miss a poke check by inches — he had his first step all wrong for playing KaiSa, she liked to go inside, not out. Second place, Vi mused, after playing some of the best hockey of her career. Well see about that.   Excerpt from   “The Sumprats: The 2022 Season In Game Notes” 
   By 3 time All—Star Goaltender Graves 
 
   Publication Date: 2025 

  
  
In Mario Puzos novel  The Godfather , theres a concept thats discussed regarding war—time consigliere versus peace—time consigliere. A consigliere is important to the organised crime family because its their chief advisor — the shot caller when times get tough. (I promise Im going somewhere with this.) Tom Hagen serves as the Corleone consigliere, and hes considered to be an excellent one — in peace time, hes able to keep the businesses profitable, the allies from souring, and all in all keeps the family from going broke from outside forces. But when the Corleones go to the mattresses, Tom Hagen makes mistakes — he fucks up at key points that result in casualties that the Corleones just arent able to fully recoup from until Michael proposes a double assassination to end the war before it can ramp up fully. Tom Hagen wasnt a bad consigliere — he was just weak when wartime required strength, and he was indecisive when deciding — making  any  decision — wouldve been better. Being a war time consigliere means being able to pull the trigger on things when you have a gut feeling, rather than continually waiting to see which way the wind will blow. Which takes us to Commissioner Heimerdinger. Heimerdinger wasnt an evil man, or a man who had ill intentions — I think a lot of the rhetoric around him paints him as this person, this spectre who hovers over the narrative of the Sumprats — a person that hurt us in our deep playoff run. But with hindsight, he was just weak — he couldnt be decisive unless he was 100% sure that things were a sure thing, he was too scared of offending owners so he tried to keep the league the exact same way for his decade long stint. Usually, his weakness cost us as a team — a stronger commissioner wouldve sniffed out Landsmans pattern of behaviour and slammed the door on her, a decisive commissioner wouldve seen the officiating list for the sham that it was, a war—time consigliere wouldve likely hit the Lone Stars with sanctions for keeping Landsman employed, told them that they could pay the 2.5 million to let her walk or pay the league 5 million in fines, donated that to charity — he had a lot of weapons in his war chest, but was too scared to use any of them. Hes a peace—time consigliere, and he didnt even know that the league had a war—time vibe to it. But in one specific way, his weakness and indecision benefitted us: the Seasonal awards. Now, Commissioner Skye changed this in the first month that she took over, but how it worked in 2023 was as follows: we got announcements of who won the seasonal awards around the second or third round of the playoffs because they leaked like a sieve.. Theres still a big ceremony after the playoffs are over where everyone gets the trophy, but the mystery of it was long gone in the age of every media personality racing to get the big leak. We knew who won rookie of the year, best goaltender, the scoring record, coach of the year, Season MVP, and, critically, Defensive Player of the Year. Now, we know how this made us feel as players — like these awards were something of a joke. No team in their right mind gave a shit about winning an award when they were currently hip deep in a series to win the cup. It was an extra bargaining chip come contract time, but that wasnt what was important — winning was. Its why the league has a playoff award (Playoff MVP) and a regular season award — the two types of games were just too different to measure. So, it wasnt important if you won, but what  was  important was if you  lost . Vi found out she came in second in the DPOY race, mostly because the voters were split on her versus Poppy on the Sumprats — a fact that Vi was incredibly excited about. Poppy did so well defensively in the 22—23 season that she got more than her fair share of nods. If Vi didnt have another stud defensively on her squad, I bet she cleans the award up. What she  did  mind, however, was losing it to Garen. Now, Im not Vi Wickett, so I dont know exactly how her brain works, but theres something that all great players share when it comes to finding the drive to succeed: they use anything and everything they can as bulletin board material, things to stick on their bulletin board to remind themselves to go out there night after night and do what they do best.  Vi wasnt as psychotic as some people were about it — a certain player thats still playing and will remain nameless literally makes up past slights in their head to give themselves extra motivation — but she did take note of things people said and did. She took note of how Akali punked Mylo and made sure to get her a goose egg when they played next, kept note of how KaiSa extended her streak against us and decided to shut her down, too. I think by the time we played the Knights, most of the regular season voters were kicking themselves — Vi was so clearly the best in the league at defence that the award aged like warm milk as soon as it was announced. But that wasnt quite enough for Vi. See, Garen and Vi traded the DPOY award a few times — Vis won it one less time than Garen has, but shes had her fair share of shots at it. All throughout their careers, theyve been compared and contrasted — whos the better defender? Whos sturdier? Whos the better leader? It was a quiet constant, instead of the loud constant of Caitlyn vs Vi. The first thing that media personalities always asked when drafting the fantasy best defensive team of all time was “after drafting Sevika, who do you take — Garen or Vi?” It was a fun exercise, when you thought about it — unprovable, too, because they were in opposite conferences and the only way theyd ever be able to duke it out would be if they both made the finals. But here we were — Knights versus the Sumprats, Vi versus Garen. She never said as much, but based on how she came out against the Knights, she was bound and determined to bury the debate, once and for all. So, thanks, Ding—Dong—Dinger. For being weak. You gave our captain the fire she needed.  It happened in the first period, early on in the Knights—Sumprats Game 1. Demacia was bumping, fired up from the seven game series against the electric Assassins, high on the knowledge that they beat the team that gave the Sumprats a lot of trouble in the season. The Knights jumped out to an early goal lead with a blast from the point that Ekko hadnt had a prayer to save, bobbling around in traffic until it squirted past his blocker. Garen got the pass in his own end, turned up ice to press the Knights attack, and was all alone. Then, in a flash, he wasnt. Vi hit him shoulder to shoulder, as clean as it got. She hit him so hard that he slammed into the Sumprats bench, his hip colliding with it and throwing him over the edge and across Mylo and Claggors lap as they reached out to catch his jersey so he didnt fall towards their skates. Vi scooped the puck up with her free hand, wheeled tightly, and suddenly had a breakaway the other way. She didnt think about passing. She just roofed it high and inside the right corner, tying the game up with an answer of her own. Her heart was beating smoothly, her eyes focused — nothing in her at all betrayed how much she wanted this. Caitlyn had noticed. She hadnt said anything to Vi beforehand, but shed noticed — shed went with Vi to extra hours at the gym as soon as the award news broke, shed passed her chances in practice for her to slam at Ekko, shed just been by Vis side, a silently supportive guardian, her own annoyance coming off of her in waves. When Vi raised her arms to celebrate the breakaway goal, Caitlyn was the first to crash into her in a big hug, and Vi heard her — whatever — lean in, press her lips to Vis ear. “Youre the baddest motherfucker in the league,” Caitlyn whispered, “and they forgot that. Lets remind them.” Vis grin was feral, her eyes bright as she leaned back. She was struck by how badly she wanted to kiss Caitlyn — then and there, in front of the quiet Demacia crowd. But she held her urge, nodded tightly, went back to work. When Demacia tried to clear the blue line with a bullet of a pass, it was Vi that broke it up, forced them backwards. When Demacia got two penalty calls going their way early and had a 5 on 3 powerplay, it was Vi on the ice for the entire two minutes, directing her defence, covering Ekkos bases, and shutting down opportunity after opportunity. When Demacia had a breakaway chance, the puck in alone with a defender, it was Vi that had leapt from behind with her stick in a pixel—perfect lunge, knocking the puck safely into the corner until her teammates could rush back to clear it. On the other end, she didnt stay quiet — she played unburdened by tension, she played with nothing on her mind but the destruction of the team in the other sweater. She played for her teammates, for those in red and black that the league had deemed unworthy, the island of misfit toys that nobody wanted to play with anymore. She played for Caitlyn, for the burning hope in her eyes as Caitlyn was stoic, strong, perfect — each pass crisp and clean, each shot a deadly laser. She played for the joy of it. She played like she had nothing to prove. Vis second goal came off of an Ahri assist — the winger had taken her time off and made the most of it, was playing with speed and grace again. Ahri had charged the net and flipped the puck behind her to a waiting Vi, who didnt miss — the puck clacked off the iron and in. She fist=pumped as Ahri wrapped her in a one—armed hug. Her third goal, of course, came off of Caitlyns assist. The pass was so good that even she barely saw it, but more  felt  it — the way Caitlyn took the pass, shifted her skates, told her everything she needed to know. She wound up without the puck and slapped the ice, trusted itd make it on time. It did — johnny on the spot, right when it needed to. The goal light was up and she was raising her fists high as every Sumprats fan that made the trip to Demacia threw their hats onto the ice. Garen calmed his team down in the second, pressed the attack, and the Knights came back swinging. They sold out to stop Vi, but with her so hot, the Sumprats had as many weapons as the Assassins — the Knights needing to keep track of two or three skaters every time the Sumprats pressed into their zone. They managed to bottle everyone but Poppy, who stepped up in the slot as Garen got to her late, trying to duck low to knock her off the puck. She just muscled up, clenched every bone in her body, and Garen and her collided with a clack of pads so loud that you could hear it over the roaring of the crowd. Garen and Poppy both hit the ice and rolled, but Poppy managed to roll and hit the puck with her stick, shovelling it to the open Diana for the goal, her hands in the air while she laid on her back, cackling.  “Poppy Tieth?” Viktor asked, flipping through his reports. “Its a yes from me,” Mel said. “Why?” Sevika asked. “I like her,” Mel replied, “she plays with fire, shes low and hard to knock off the puck, and — did you see the hits she can give out? Shes punishing to play against.” “We take Poppy,” Viktor warned, “were really sending a message. Well have a lot of tough people on this squad.” “Poppy can score ten goals a year — I bet we can get her to fifteen, twenty,” Mel said easily, “but thats not why I like her. She just doesnt take shit from anybody. Shes so used to getting dumped on for being a yordle that she wont even blink about being an expansion draftee. Shes a core member of our squad the second we draft her and shell be consistent and efficient.” “She doesnt turn the puck over,” Sevika mused, “I liked her rookie season — lots of hits, lots of takeaways.” “Plus nine in the stat sheet,” Viktor said, sounding surprised, “thats promising.” “Circle her, Vik,” Sevika said, and then glanced at Mel, “youre passionate about this one.” “I wanted to draft her,” Mel admitted, “but the Horses saw yordle and said no way. Im itching to prove everyone wrong.”  “Nice hit, big guy,” Poppy said as she and Garen were helped up by their teammates. Garen didnt say anything, just let out a frustrated chuckle as he rolled his shoulders, shook his head. The third period came and went without much more action, but the Demacia crowd was indicative of how the Knights felt — a little stunned, a little confused. The home team was supposed to win game 1 — its how hockey traditionally went. The home crowd was a boost, and the visiting team usually came in, had to adjust, had to work for it. Vi Wickett relished in the fan confusion, pumped her legs hard down the ice to get a pass from Leona and work it into the slot, a pass that hit Mylo on the stick and went  just  barely wide on his backhand. The Knights started to collapse defensively, tightening up. The game devolved into bruising checks as the Knights coach mixed it up — the Knights had beaten the Assassins by wearing them down, running them into the boards, being physical and gifted and big. The Sumprats, meanwhile, relished in that style of play — it was the style of play that they had adapted early, and they welcomed the hits with open arms. “Fuck, are you ugly,” Mylo gasped out as he was rammed into the boards as the two teams battled for the puck in the corner, “youre mad, youre bad,  and  youre ugly, bud — you ought to pick one struggle.” “Gonna shut your big mouth,” the Knights player grunted as she dug for the puck at Mylos skate. “Thatll be the only opening you shut,” Mylo chuckled, “we pumped you for four goals. The Knights? More like the nighty—nights.” “Youre a dick,” she barked as Mylo finally managed to get the puck free and zipped it to Leona. She slammed him into the boards again and Mylo barked out in laughter. “If I wanted a comeback,” Mylo cooed, “Id have gone to see the Backstreet Boys last tour.”  “Mylo Sturn,” Viktor said. “Hes a dick,” Mel said. “Oh yeah,” Sevika agreed, “all accounts point at him being an absolute pest out there.” “Completely unsportsmanlike,” Viktor read, “annoying, constantly chirping.” Mel hummed, non—committal. Sevika glanced around, then walked to the board and circled his name. “Sounds like a hockey player.”  When the final horn sounded, the score read 4—1 Sumprats, the defensive clinic the Sumprats put on the story of the night. In the locker room afterwards, Viktor and Sevika took their positions just inside the door, Sevika chomping her gum angrily as she watched all of them for a few moments. “Good win,” she said, “weve got some adjustments for next game — were giving them too much room to operate out there. But we put them on the back foot, we showed them that to play their game, they need to play ours, too — and were a lot better at it.” As the team whooped around them, Sevika turned to Vi and her voice dropped lower. “How many more games do you have in you like that?” Vi met her stare. “Im going to destroy them,” Vi said, honestly. Sevika, in response, tapped her thigh in appreciation and acknowledgement, then looked back at the Sumprats. “Alright, its a long series so dont go bragging just yet. Three more wins stand between you guys and a finals trip — you still gotta earn them. Get some sleep, practice tomorrow at 3, game start the next day is moving up so well want to be here for five.” “Yes coach,” the Sumprats called out. Caitlyns hand, hidden from the rest of the team, slid over Vis hip, fingers trailing her ass until they slid towards Vis spine, working lightly. “You got anything left?” Caitlyn whispered, breathlessly. “Yeah,” Vi replied, smiling, “I like playoff you. Its new.” “That makes two of us,” Caitlyn admitted. “Captains,” called Ahri, “were going for a beer to celebrate — just one, Poppy, I know — you want to tag along?” “Long walk to the hotel,” Vi called back immediately, “we might just catch up a bit later.” The team laughed as Ahri rolled her eyes playfully. “Thatll work.” “Race you there,” Caitlyn said, and began changing rapidly. Vi worked her uniform off as fast as she could, the goofy smile stuck on her face, her water and hydro of her house shut off, her realtor called. Her teammates had called it their house. It had a nice ring to it.  
   Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column 
 Tonight we watched Vi Wickett take the DPOY trophy and shove it up Garen Crownsguards ass. Full column tomorrow.



  
  The reporters went silent when the question was asked; a corridor full of shouted questions and jostling deadening until you could hear a pin drop on the concrete floor. Mylo watched the reporter that asked it as he walked out of the arena, took them in from tip to taint, a slow, careful processing of them visually.
 
  Then, he rolled his shoulders, cleared his throat, and looked towards the parking garage, his steps methodical and slow, the eerie calm that had taken over his form still settling onto his frame.
 
  “I dont regret it,” Mylo said, steel in his voice, his hands still faintly vibrating, “and Id do it again.”
 
  The corridor erupted in sound as questions were fired at him in rapid succession, but he kept staring ahead as he walked, face a mask of composure, of rage. He kept glancing at cameras as he moved, looking each one in the eye, saw his own  image of warped, contorted, enlarged.
 
  He saw his future in the RHL go up in smoke, vanishing on the wind. He saw suspensions, condemnations, bans — a legion of horrified fans and pundits equally decrying what hed done as morally wrong, monstrous, evil.
 
  Despite it all, despite the 30 goals taunting him, mocking him, despite being close — so close — to securing his future, hed meant what he said.
 
  Hed have done it again.
  
  They didnt expect Garen to stay down for long, and he didnt disappoint that expectation. Winning twice in the opponents barn was a tall order even for a team as skilled as the Sumprats, and Garens history was full of playoff success as he rose above a setbacks again and again.
 
  When the Knights hit the ice against the Sumprats for game 2, they were focused, committed, and started leaning on old tactics: they targeted Caitlyn.
 
  It was the Vi strategy back on the Ironfists, but with a Demacia twist. Garen wasnt as fast as Vi was to react, and wasnt as tenacious and angry and determined, but he was smart, cautious, and he had a big frame and used it well. Whenever Caitlyn had the puck he was on her, playing her straight up, shadowing her across the ice. He was quick to bump her or whack her stick or keep her engaged, and he trusted the team at his back to block off her passing options, keep her contained.
 
  It was a dangerous strategy — taking away Caitlyns passing ability meant forcing her to shoot, and in the second attack of the game Caitlyn did just that, shifting to pass to Diana before faking and winding up.
 
  Garen immediately flopped to the ice to block the shot, had it hit his skate and go up, and the Knights immediately reacted — all four other skaters racing to hunt and chase it down.
 
  Caitlyn tried again in the second and Garen managed to get his stick on the shot, deflecting it into the corner for the Knights to corral and counter attack.
 
  They switched to short passes, moved the puck quickly between them, years and years of chemistry, of keeping the same seven or eight core skaters together on full display. Vis brain raced to solve it, but the change in strategy meant that she didnt have long passes to leap on, and it never stayed still. She tried to find the weak link of the pack but the Knights kept the puck moving, quick tape—to—tape passes that didnt provide her much of an opening. She tracked the zipping passes with her eyes as she slowed, watched the plays they ran.
 
  When Vi and Caitlyn were on the bench, they watched those zippy passes make mincemeat of Leonas defense, a tic—tac—toe play that wound up with the puck in the slot, hammered home a split second before Ekkos trapper could get there, and the Knights took a one goal lead.
 
  “I can set the tone on him,” Claggor offered.
 
  Caitlyn shook her head. “Let him tire himself out. He wants to make it a one on one, Im more than ready.”
 
  Vi caught her glance, smiled tightly. “Hes good at shutting skaters down, cupcake.”
 
  “Ive been defended by better.”
 
  The next time Caitlyn got the puck she suddenly erupted into a burst of speed, forcing Garen to chase her, keep up with her, and stopped on a dime to shovel the puck to Vi as she caught it just before hitting the blue line. She got it to Ashe in the slot who buried it top drawer, tying the game up.
 
  The Knights came storming back with a new lineup that the Sumprats hadnt seen before — a mix of speed and defensive players, always holding their backline while being able to create chances up front. As Vi managed to shut a play down and send the puck skittering down the ice, she glanced up to see a Knight already on it, bashing the puck back into the Sumprats zone, keeping the play alive and the Sumprats on the backfoot.
 
  “Theyre doing Hot Girl Shit,” she called to Poppy, “play up.”
 
  Poppys face morphed into a mask of insult as she played her assignment tight, kept whacking their stick up so the pass was denied. Diana raced to every single corner scuffle she could, getting into the mix and gritting her teeth as she got thumped and whacked as she dug at the puck with her skate.
 
  Leona and Illaoi were getting frustrated as the Knights kept avoiding the hits, playing fast and loose, taking away the Sumprats best weapon — laying the lumber. Still, despite all their game—planning and scheming, the Sumprats kept it tied going into the second period, trooping back to their locker room with focus and determination.
 
  “Keep him running,” Sevika called to Caitlyn, “Garens their best defender and him focusing on Caitlyn will give us an opening. Work him hard and keep getting the puck out. The rest of you — this is your moment. Theyre focused on Caitlyns pass, so youre going to need to get creative.”
 
  The chorus of 
  
    yes, Coach!
  
   came forth, and Caitlyn was taping her stick when Claggor shifted to open his mouth.
 
  “If you ask me if Im tired,” Caitlyn said without looking up, “Im going to throw a wad of tape at you.”
 
  Claggor closed his mouth, looked at Vi with his eyebrows raised.
 
  “I put her through this every time we played,” Vi reminded, smirking lightly.
 
  “If anything,” Caitlyn said, finishing off her tape job and smiling as she looked up, “its bringing back old memories.”
  
  “Going into the third period,” Marv Allston said on the call, “and Danielle, the Knights have done a remarkable job on Caitlyn Kiramman all game long.”
 
  “They have,” she confirmed, “but its just barely slowing the Sumprats down — this is why you have Vi Wickett, why you have Ashe and Ahri — theyre outlets for when your star gets shut down or has an off game. This game is a battle of two teams who have the same strength — theyre both defensively the best teams weve seen in a long, long time.”
 
  “With two periods down, a scoreless second period, you have to think that this game is about to break wide open.”
 
  “Somethings gotta give,” Danielle said, “someones gonna fold.”
  
  The someone happened to be Thresh, whos miscommunication on an Ahri pass meant that he was two steps slow to the puck. Garen was on it in a flash and churning up ice, Caitlyn hot on his heels as he used his big body to fight off her poke check, kept the puck on his stick, eyes up and watching Ekko as the goalie skated backwards, dropped into his butterfly stance.
 
  Vi saw the trailing forward, the danger — before Caitlyn or Ekko saw it. She opened her mouth to scream 
  
    the pass
  
  , but it was swallowed by the home crowd as Garen, with his eyes locked dead ahead, used one hand on his stick to flick the puck behind him to his trailing winger.
 
  The puck was in the back of the net before anyone could react, and the Knights crowd went ballistic as the Knights celebrated.
 
  “Fuck,” Sevika said, “okay — HGS, get in there. Thresh!”
 
  Sevika walked the bench, leaned forwards, waved Thresh off. As Thresh climbed through the door and slammed it so hard that it rattled the wall, Viktor put his hand on Threshs helmet.
 
  “Mistakes happen, shake it off,” he said, musically.
 
  Thresh grimaced, staring ahead as Ahri hopped through the door, sat beside him. She watched him for a beat, bumped him with her shoulder, bumped him again when he didnt respond, and nudged him rougher a third time when he still had his eyes locked forwards.
 
  He looked at her, trying not to smile at her annoying big sister routine.
 
  “One goal,” Ahri said, shrugging, “it aint nothing but a thing.”
 
  Thresh winced, looked up at the scoreboard, nodded.
 
  “Youre alright, bud,” Ahri said, nudging him again, “Ive got an idea.”
  
  “Centers,” Mel murmured, tapped her pen, “were going to have a bad time with centers.”
 
  “Got some young talent, some cheap talent,” Viktor replied, “who do you want to talk about first?”
 
  “Whos this Thresh guy?” Sevika asked. “Nobody seems to have anything to say about him.”
 
  “Sounds like a Sumprat already.”
 
  “Hes that phenom that got in the accident a few years back,” Viktor said, “dropped his draft talk. He cant really yell on the ice — throat injury — but hes got a lot of toughness. I liked his tape.”
 
  “Can he learn?” Sevika asked. “Most phenoms I know are out to prove something — I dont want a dud.”
 
  “Hes been humbled some,” Viktor said, “still hungry to win it. Hes close with Poppy Tieth, which I consider a really good sign.”
 
  “Its a very good sign,” Mel confirmed, “Poppys a walking good vibes detector.”
 
  “Im picky about my centres,” Sevika warned, “Ill need to see tape before I agree to anything.”
 
  “Its on my phone,” Viktor said, then rose to show her as he tapped a few buttons, “I have a lot to show you on it, hang on—”
 
  As the phone played, Sevika swiped through it clip by clip, pondering. Then, her eyes widened on one play, grabbing the phone from Viktor to watch it more closely as a tiny Thresh chased down a breakaway scorer and poked the puck loose just in time for them to wind up a shot.
 
  “Oh hes got the instincts,” Sevika said, grinning, “hell yeah. Great pick, Vik.”
 
  “Thats what well start calling you, before long,” Mel mused, “great pick Vik.”
 
  “Ill take it,” Viktor said as Sevika circled Thresh on the board.
  
  The exact same play happened a minute and a half later, with Ahri feeding Thresh the puck. This time, Vi caught the way he played it — looking a step slow, angling his body to the right a little bit, looking aware but not totally selling it. To the average layman, it looked like Thresh just had a weakness for this pass — Ahri trying it a second time was sloppy, unorganised.
 
  But if youd shared the majority of 200 days with Thresh and Ahri, you knew that Thresh never made the same mistake twice.
 
  As soon as Garen went to leap on the puck, Threshs stick was out and thrashing, yanking the puck away from Garens stick and leaving the bigger man horribly out of position as Thresh gathered the puck, crossed the blue line, and leaned to hook the puck up and to the right corner of the net, skating by the thrashing leather as the Sumprats tied it up.
 
  Thresh pointed at Ahri as they went in for the hug, Leona following along.
 
  “That fooled me,” Leona said, shaking her head.
 
  “Heres a little lesson in trickery,” Thresh murmured.
 
  “What?”
 
  “Nothing.”
  
  The Knights and Sumprats were deadlocked heading into the final five minutes, neither side giving an inch as the Knights battled the Sumprats back and the Sumprats dug in. Thresh, Poppy, and Vi saw big minutes as they kept the war going for defensive control, Ahri and Ashe worked desperately to take advantage of the void left behind by Caitlyn being tightly covered. Garen was starting to sweat lightly, but Caitlyns gas tank was depleting too from having to constantly keep moving and battling and being bumped and pushed and ground down.
 
  Claggor couldnt protect her — not from this. They couldnt afford the penalty against a team as strong as the Knights — they just had to sweat it out.
 
  Disaster struck in the final three minutes when Ashe handled across neutral ice and got absolutely levelled by a defender, going down hard on her hip and wincing as she went. Acting quickly, Vi challenged the skater with her body, managing a sizable shoulder—to—shoulder bump to get the puck back so she could call a timeout, get Ashe checked out by a trainer.
 
  She was down, for a few minutes as the teams milled around, the trainers rushing out to see her. She was breathing, moving, but seemed to be in a lot of pain. The Demacia crowd applauded for her as she limped to her feet and managed to skate off, but the Sumprats were down their second best scorer and time was slowly turning against them.
 
  The first thing Vi did was skate right into Ahris sightline, grab her gloved hands, and squat so that Ahris face was the only thing Vi saw.
 
  “Youre good?”
 
  Ahri blinked rapidly — pale, unblinking, face haunted — but nodded. “Yeah. Yes.”
 
  “Were going to need you,” Vi said, “but dont push yourself, okay?”
 
  “My knees are shaking,” Ahri said, glancing at where Ashe had hit the ice, “I dont know if—”
 
  “No prob,” Vi said, glancing at Sevika, who was lurking nearby.
 
  “No go?” Sevika asked Vi, asked Ahri.
 
  “Sorry, Coach,” Ahri said, teeth chattering from memory, her hands quaking.
 
  “Dont apologise to me, kid. Youre doing great. Go,” Sevika said, “Vik, go with her.”
 
  Ahri and Viktor walked out of the tunnel as Vi and Sevika exchanged a glance.
 
  “Bells not rung,” Sevika said.
 
  Vi nodded, skated to Caitlyn as the taller woman stood with her stick on her shoulders, stretching her arms.
 
  “No Ahri,” Vi said.
 
  Caitlyn winced. “Is she okay? It was even the same uniform that Garen was wearing when—”
 
  “Yeah,” Vi sighed, “shes shaken a bit. Bad timing — shell rally.”
 
  Thresh, Diana, and Leona joined the two as play was set to resume, milling about in an extremely modified Hot Girl Shit setup.
 
  “Okay, lets play some hockey,” Vi said, “I know were worried about Ashe, about Ahri — but in order to go make sure theyre okay, we need to finish the game. Sooner we win it, the sooner we can go check. Sound good?”
 
  “Sounds good,” Leona said.
 
  “Rock on,” Vi said, tapped Threshs skate, “take the drop, Ill be your winger.”
  
  The last three minutes were a gruelling battle, a bout of old school physical hockey. The Sumprats were eager to tattoo the boards with Knights players after seeing one of their own go out, and the Knights players wanted to prove that they were tougher, faster, better. The result was constant bending and warping of boards and glass as body after body rattled into them, Sumprats jerseys and Knights jerseys interchanged with sweat and snot splashing against the glass.
 
  The crowd 
  
    loved
  
   it, roaring their approval as the two teams clashed like gladiators, the only sounds the swish of skates and clashing of sticks.
 
  Vi was in her element, staying on the ice for the entire three minutes, Caitlyn at her side. Vi didnt try anything special, didnt overextend, but hunted for turnovers and takeaways, constantly looking for an edge to give her team the lead. Caitlyn kept Garen running, kept him out of the play, but the rest of the Knights pressured and pushed and poked the Sumprats away from every attack. Most of the game was between the blue lines, bashing and crashing the boards, the puck wobbling and flinging from stick to stick.
 
  Garen managed to get the puck on the tape of his stick, force it forwards and took a hit from Leona that had the two spiralling away from each other, Garen keeping the puck miraculously on the tape of his stick. He pushed forwards despite being rattled, surviving another hit from Vi as he flung the puck towards Ekkos net.
 
  The puck bounced off of Ekkos pad as he slid to save it, but the rebound was open and a Knights player barely beat Caitlyn to it, sliding the puck past Ekkos skate and into the yawning net, letting out a 
  
    whoop
  
   as he crashed into the boards, hugging a teammate in celebration. Caitlyn skated around the net with her stick at her knees, glancing up at the clock, seeing it frozen at twenty one seconds.
 
  One goal deficit, and she looked at Vi, twisted her mouth. Vi heard what she was saying, saw what the teams tight posture was yelling.
 
  They were worried about their two goal scorers, they were flagging, and this game wasnt theirs to win.
 
  So Vi skated to the centre dot, nodding once at Caitlyn, and lined up to take the faceoff. Ekko bent low in his crease, ready to dash for the bench as soon as the Sumprats got possession for the extra skater, the crowd on its feet to cheer the Knights on in the dying seconds of the period.
 
  The puck dropped, Vi won it, sent it between her legs to Caitlyn. As expected, Garen came charging, but Caitlyn fired the puck directly onto his stick, letting him get a piece of it before Vi rocked him so hard that he flipped end over end.
 
  Caitlyn then took the puck up ice as Garen struggled back to his feet to chase the play down, arms and legs pumping wildly. Caitlyn flipped the puck ahead to Diana, who played it into the slot, banked it off of the tendies pads. The rebound was caught by Riven, who had a good whack at it — going off the goalies glove and around the back of the net. Leona battled for it, came up with it, and tried for a pass out to the point that was deflected and sent careening down the ice.
 
  Caitlyn beat everyone back to it to save the empty net goal, but the damage was done — the clock ticked down as Game 2 ended.
  
  “We were bound to lose a game sometime,” Sevika says, creaking back and forth in her chair as Viktor keeps pouring over game notes, making little tally marks. The sky outside is dark, and the timestamp shows the footage to be just after Game 2 ended. The two coaches are holed up in a nondescript hotel room, going over the loss with a fine toothed comb. The television plays clips seemingly at random from the game, with Sevika occasionally pausing it to grunt and gesture to Viktor, who nods silently. 
 
  “It wouldve been great to go 16—0, though,” Viktor murmurs.
 
  Sevika nods, twirls a pen idly as she watches the television. “You notice how the media has us as the slight underdogs in this series?”
 
  “I caught that,” Viktor says, grinning.
 
  “From worst roster in the league to duking it out evenly with the best team in the league,” muses Sevika, “and what did the media learn from this?”
 
  The two coaches give the camera a bland stare. Something from behind it makes Sevika smile — its quick and fleeting and seems to surprise even her, as she schools it into a scowl quickly.
 
  “Did you get to have some brother time,” Viktor asks, “while were in Demacia?”
 
  
    No
  
  , the subtitles read, 
  
    hes really intense about the playoffs. He doesnt talk to anyone outside of his team during them.
  
 
  “Thats a shame,” Sevika murmurs, “it wouldve been good to see what he makes of us.”
 
  “Are you sending Lux to spy for us?” Viktor asks, incredulous.
 
  Sevika lifts her shoulder, turns her attention back to the television, pulls a pack of gum out of her shirt pocket. Its empty, and she huffs, tossing it onto one of the twin beds as she keeps rocking in her chair.
 
  “Id call it gaining a competitive advantage,” Sevika replies.
 
  Viktor laughs, then winces as his phone goes off. He checks it, runs a hand through floppy hair. “Word back from the doc.”
 
  Sevikas chair legs thump to the ground. “Bad?”
 
  “Not as bad as the news out of the Red Pandas,” Viktor says, putting her phone away.
 
  “Oh?”
 
  “Pandas lost three of their best skaters tonight.”
  

  

  Sevikas eyebrows dropped. “Landsman?”
 
  “No. I thought so at first, too, but no. Two of them crashed into one another and the third broke their leg on the net. Looks like the Lone Stars are going to cruise into the finals.”
 
  Sevika absorbed that information without any further comment, said, “and Ashe?”
 
  “Sprain,” Viktor says, looking at his phone. “According to Dr. Lansbury—”
  
  “Its a strain to the hip flexor,”  Dr. Angela Lansbury said, reading off of her notes as Ashe sat on the massage table, a heat pack wrapped around her hip, “youve been putting a lot of pressure on it lately.”
 
  Ashe winced. “How many games?”
 
  “Rest it for a few days,” Angela said, “we can get you back in for game 4 if you treat it right. How does it feel right now?”
 
  Ashe frowned, flexed her thigh, said, “feels like I sprained my hip flexor.”
 
  Angela huffed. “Scale of one to ten?”
 
  “Like a six.”
 
  “Its not a tear, or a break — you have a nasty bruise from falling but no other structural damage. Try not to use it often, keep it on heat, and youre missing practice and game 3. Well re—evaluate.”
 
  “Doc,” Ashe said, hesitating, “they need me out there.”
 
  “I wouldnt know,” Dr. Lansbury said, clicking her pen, “Im more of a tennis girl. Still, game 4 is as fast as I can push it. Your coach and GM agree with me to keep you sidelined.”
 
  Ashe glowered at the floor for a moment, rubbing her hands over her face. “My first time in round three and I take a stupid injury.”
 
  “Its hockey, kid,” Angela said, patting her shoulder, “every injury is stupid.”
  
  Maybe it was the hometown crowd. Maybe it was the fact that missing Ashe meant that she needed to show up in a big way. Maybe it was the constant nagging in the back of her skull, the buzzing awareness that she had of the fact that this was her chance, her only chance, to really make a dent in her legacy.
 
  Caitlyn had talked about immortality, back when they fucked for the first time since becoming teammates — back when they had made so many excuses to keep seeing each other, disguising the emotional aspects of their relationship in the physical, coming together and stubbornly trying not to see that they needed one another. Caitlyn had talked about having your name on the cup meaning something — meaning something for generations and generations to follow. Having your name embossed in purple meant that your face was going to appear in google searches, in history books.
 
  Maybe it was the fact that Garen guarding Caitlyn so closely pissed her off.
 
  But in Game 3, Vi grabbed the series and ran with it.
 
  The Knights clearly thought Ashe being out for Game 3 meant that Caitlyn had less options, and so started to throw more and more at her — focusing on zoning out her offence and daring the rest of the Sumprats to beat them. They were so single minded that Vi was able to get a backdoor pass in the first period and shot the puck with so much torque that it whipped back out of the net as hard as it had entered. The goal horn and the red light were sounding before the refs noticed the goal, but it took them 4 seconds of replay time before they confirmed it.
 
  The second of her goals came three minutes after the first, getting a flawless pass from Diana over centre ice that left her one on one with the defender, sticking her arm out to fend off the check as she guided the puck towards the goal one—handed — sliding it effortlessly through the goalies legs in a beautiful five hole goal.
 
  The Knights started to reel, then, cheating towards her whenever she was on the ice, and Vi and Caitlyn always made sure to work as far away from each other as possible, forcing the Knights to choose between them. Ahri — on Hot Girl Shit covering for Ashe — managed to dig the puck out of the corner, zipped it to Leona who cranked a howitzer towards the net, going totally uncovered as the Knights struggled to keep an eye on both Wickett and Kiramman the entire game. Leona lit the goal light and raised her stick as HGS came together and The Last Drop started going loud.
 
  The Knights kept looking at the stands, 36,000 strong, standing room only as the hollers and cheers came raining down on them, the seat backs being drummed on and feet stomping like thunderclaps. Not being able to hear the referees whistle was now becoming a common occurrence, something the Sumprats were well used to. They started finding ways to start rowdy chants in the second period, when Claggor and Garen hit each other so hard that both of their helmets went spinning onto the ice.
 
  
    DEEEEEEEEEEEEE—POOOOOOOOOY
  
   the crowd chanted when Vi stole the puck from a Knight and raced up the ice with it.
 
  
    We want recounts
  
  , the chant roared whenever Garen had the puck.
 
  
    MVP! MVP! MVP!
  
   went the crowd when Caitlyn touched it, stick handled it, fed it to Ahri to start the counter attack.
 
  Vi clashed sticks with Garen in her own end, managed to turn the puck over, chased it down and scooped it for the breakaway as Garen was in her pocket, managing to catch up to her and go in for the check. Vi gathered the puck and slammed on her brakes, forcing Garen to slam into the boards as she raced around him, gathered the puck again, and fired on net, hitting off the post and in to complete her hat—trick.
 
  The air was suddenly full of Sumprats ballcaps as the fans threw them onto the ice, the glass thumping all around her as Caitlyn was the first to get to Vi, slipping a hand around her waist to butt her helmeted head against Vis.
 
  “Playoff hat—trick,” Caitlyn said with pride, and Vis grin was so wide she could feel her tongue getting air from between her missing molars.
 
  “Im so in love with you,” she replied, quiet, and Caitlyns cheeks flushed as the rest of the Sumprats caught up to them in a big group hug.
 
  The spurt of goals took the wind out of the Knights sails, and they limped into the third period and limped out of the stadium with a 4—1 loss. The Sumprats took a 2—1 series lead without their second best scorer, and the stadium was buzzing with the idea that they had control of this one — they had control over a series with the defending champions.
 
  “Do your part, Zaun,” the stadium announcer said, “and MAKE. SOME. NOISE!”
 
  The crowd obliged him as the Sumprats lifted their sticks in salute and headed for the tunnel.
  
  “Piltover took a 3—0 lead in the Pandas series,” Garen Crownsguard says in front of the camera, smiling a charming, boyish smile. His frame takes up most of the picture as his round, wide shoulders stretch across the camera frame, baby blue eyes twinkling in the three—point lighting.
 
  “At that point, it sort of felt inevitable — we couldnt beat the Sumprats when they were down a scorer, but we needed to find a way. We prided ourselves on not rolling over for anyone, but now that wed gotten a taste of their building, we were on our back foot. Being down 2—1 meant that we needed to win two of the next three in order to have a shot, and two of the next three were here, in The Last Drop.”
 
  “Theres a term for it — teams call it The Drivers Seat,” says Viktor, smoothing a hand down his skinny tie. Hes dressed in formal wear — black suit, white shirt, black tie — “when you get your opponent into a situation where they need to win the majority of the games in your barn. Stealing that one game on the road meant that we had them right where we wanted them — they had to hold us off for at least three games, and we only needed to win two.”
 
  “Game 4 was a big one,” Garen says, “because we wanted to pay them back. We wanted to win on the road so that we could flip who was in the drivers — we wanted to beat them at their own game. But then…”
 
  Footage of Ahri and Ashe, sitting on the bench, fully dressed in Sumprats regalia. Footage of Illaoi, skating in a tight circle with her stick across her knees, flashing her black mouthguard smile at the team on the ice across from her.
 
  “The double A game, the fans call it — like the battery,” Poppy says, grinning.
 
  Ahri, getting the pass from Poppy and shooting the puck so hard her stick splinters and breaks into two pieces. Ashe, executing a perfect toe drag across the crease to knock the Knights tendies bottle off by roofing it. Illaoi, clapping a huge slapshot at the point to rocket past the tendies right shoulder.
 
  “I think Ashe and Ahri get a lot of credit for that game,” Spaghetti Teddy says, “but what gets lost is how well Illaoi played. You expect Caitlyn and Vi at that point to be brilliant — and they were — but Illaoi was basically able to do whatever she wanted, and she just put a lid on the Knights offence.”
 
  “Ive got it figured out,” Illaoi says over the game mics to Vi, her eyes burning, “that cross pass—”
 
  “To the slot?” Vi yells over the crowd noise.
 
  “Yeah, but its a fake — they want it on the weak side.”
 
  Vi nods, and then nods deeper, her gaze meeting Illaois and a smile creeping across her lips as she taps the bigger D—mans skate with her stick.
 
  “Lookit you,” Vi says, and Illaoi grins through her black mouthguard, “go tell the others.”
 
  Vi watches Illaoi skate away with pride in her face, shaking her head as she waits for the TV timeout to end.
 
  “That was the game that the Sumprats truly felt like they solved the Knights,” Spaghetti Teddy continues, “there was too many defensive geniuses on that end of the ice. No matter who the Sumprats had, they always had one player who was smart enough to disable you or bottle up chances. All four of their defensive positions were solid, and they had so many defensive minded forwards to chuck at Garen or any of the other Knights scorers.”
 
  “It was exhausting,” Garen says, over footage of him gasping for breath, sweat trickling down his face as Poppy lines up across from him, both of their gazes on the referee as they wait for the puck drop, “and I had to keep up with Kiramman all game — and Kiramman was just — such a good skater.”
 
  Caitlyn, changing directions three times in quick succession, forcing Garen to do the same. Caitlyn, turning on the afterburners to beat Garen in a footrace and force him to chase her around the boards. Caitlyn, clapping a slapshot that bounced off of Garens shin, collecting the bouncing puck, and shooting it again.
 
  “He knew what he signed up for,” Caitlyn says, with a dagger—sharp smile. Vi, sitting beside her, raises her eyebrows and tilts her head to look at Caitlyn, taking in the expression with a half scoff, half laugh.
 
  “He did,” Vi confirms, looks at the camera, and grins.
  
  “So, RHL — the Lone Stars beat the Pandas 4—0, as expected, they won 2—1 in the final game,” Taylor says on the 
  
    Tayl and Jack Podcast
  
  .
 
  “It was such a gross series,” Jack says, chuckling lightly, “this Piltover team is 
  
    not
  
   very good.”
 
  “Theyre not, and it brings up a few questions. Like, in the West weve got — its at least a competitive series, you know?”
 
  “Last two games notwithstanding, yeah.”
 
  “Yeah, but at least you cant really predict whos going to win going into them, right? Like nobody expected Ashe and Ahri to just go nuclear all game in Game 4, nobody expected Vi to go insane in Game 3, but in Games 1 and 2 it felt it like it was at least up for grabs.”
 
  “Well, Pandas—Lone Stars was up for grabs, too. It just shouldnt have been. Like its a 4—0 sweep, yeah, and yeah the Lone Stars were never in any real danger, but it was some really, really ugly hockey out there.”
 
  “The Lone Stars seem to win these games on scheming and their coach drawing up big beautiful plays, but like, this club has two skaters and a goalie and a bunch of farm team folks.”
 
  “Which — good for them!” Jack says. “Im excited that theyve made this deep playoff run, they deserve it for putting up with what was clearly a really toxic situation.”
 
  “Oh yeah, but like what I was saying — the West is this rockfight between the Knights and Sumprats, probably going to six games since Game 5 is tonight and its in Demacia, and it feels like it 
  
    should
  
   be the finals. Instead one of these two incredible teams is going to go on to play the Piltover Akalis and — like, this wont be 
  
    close
  
  .”
 
  “Anything can happen in hockey, but on paper the Knights wax this team, and the Sumprats 
  
    really
  
   wax this team.”
 
  “I want the Sumprats to win,” Taylor says, “just for the storylines. Can you imagine if the Sumprats is the team to bury this Lone Stars storybook tale? How fitting would that be?”
 
  “I sort of,” Jack says, hesitates, “I dont really want Landsman anywhere near Kiramman.”
 
  “She wouldnt try anything,” Taylor says, dismissively, “shed have to be batshit insane to try something.”
 
  “Nothing about Terri Landsman screams reasonable to me,” Jack says, and then shrugs, “but youre probably right. The media will have a field day with it, though — for real.”
  
  The Knights squeaked out Game 5 in a one goal nailbiter by shoring up their offence, rotating Garen to the wing, and pressing the attack all throughout the third period, meaning the two teams needed a sixth to battle it out. The Sumprats led the series by 3—2, but entered the stadium with a determination, a teeth—grit defiance that led their every move. Garen was legendary when his back was against the wall — the Assassins learned that the hard way last round, and they knew he was going to be absolutely brilliant as he fought to keep his season alive.
 
  But as hard as he fought, Vi met his ferocity. Garen on the wing meant that Vi was flexed out to match up with him, and the league got the mirror matchup they wanted — the two best defensive players in the league that year, head to head, for sixty minutes of hockey.
 
  What followed was the best back and forth battle that fans had ever watched, a breathtaking display of defensive aggression followed by offensive superstardom.
 
  Garen took Vi down to the slot, deked around her, and used his big body to freeze her out to score on Ekko down low.
 
  Vi used her speed and slight frame to spin around Garen past the blue line, charged forwards, and beat the Knights tendie on his left side.
 
  Garen got a pass for a one—timer that Vi blocked with a baseball slide, and as she leapt upwards to chase it down, Garen managed to bat it back into the offensive zone to keep the play alive.
 
  Vi took the puck into the corner, got slammed once, twice, three times by Garen trying to dislodge her, and whirled around with the puck, firing out to Caitlyn for the one—timer.
 
  The battle left the boards streaked in dark blue and red, their jerseys taking turns being stapled into them.
 
  “Do we—” Thresh asked, and Claggor, Ahri, and Diana were already shaking their heads.
 
  “Let them duke it out,” Claggor replied.
 
  “This is above our paygrade,” Diana said.
 
  “Paygrade? This is above our skill level,” Ahri said, chuckling. “Enable Vi however you can.”
 
  Garen barely snuck another goal by Ekkos left side while Vi was on the bench, and Vi paid it back when Garen was seated by setting up Poppy for a weakside snap—shot goal, the score locked at two goals. The Last Drop was pandemonium, but there was nervousness in the air. Their hometown girl looked like she had met her match, and was battling, but the outcome was very much undecided.
 
  Leona took a Caitlyn pass, looked up ice, and saw Riven open for the big play, and fired a saucer that wobbled in the air for a moment, just barely skipping over Rivens stick as she chased it down, and in a whirl of blue jersey, suddenly Garen was there, picking her pocket and charging back up ice.
 
  The Knights second best player knocked a high pass down with their glove, kicked it forwards with their skate, and was levelled by a charging Vi, who snagged the puck and zipped it up ice for the counter attack.
 
  Back and forth, back and forth, the two best in the world battled, fought, clawed for inches as their teams played around them, left them to their private, teeth—clenched duel.
 
  Something had to give, and it gave in the Sumprats zone when Ekko lost control of a rebound that found its way to a Knights stick, giving them an open, yawning net to score on. Ekko flipped on his back in desperation as Illaoi dove forwards to block it, but the puck hit mesh, and the Knights bench exploded into cheers as time stopped in the third period — the score was 3—2, and it looked for all the world like the Knights were going to force a game seven, force the Sumprats to play it in Demacia.
 
  Caitlyn and Vi looked up, saw eleven seconds on the clock, and Caitlyn grabbed Vi, grabbed Thresh, grabbed Ashe and Leona and Diana, and pulled them to the bench.
 
  “No time out,” Caitlyn said, “heres whats going to happen. Thresh wins the draw to me, we go straight north — get Vi the puck in the slot.”
 
  Vi panted, wiped sweat off with her jersey, thought of two separate times the puck was on her stick with seven seconds to go, thought about winning, thought about the RHL finals — thought about the look on Landsmans face as she won it, as her and Caitlyn lifted the cup together.
 
  She nodded, the rest of the team nodded, and Caitlyn nodded last as they put their hands in.
 
  “Our house,” Caitlyn called, “on three. One, two, three—”
  

  

  “OUR HOUSE,” the Sumprats barked as they wheeled around for the faceoff. The crowd began erupting in cheers as Vi skated to the centre dot, eyes locked ahead — Garen taking the dot across her, one last battle.
 
  The crowd began cheering, barking, roaring, and the chant came forth.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  Clap—clap clapclapclap.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  Clap—clap clapclapclap.
 
  Eleven seconds.
 
  Vi won the draw back to Caitlyn and Caitlyn pushed the action immediately, the Sumprats rushing the Knights zone as fast as possible as Caitlyn coasted towards the edge.
 
  Ten seconds.
 
  Caitlyn kept it even as two Knights pushed at her, trying to take the puck away, trying to end the game here and now.
 
  Nine seconds.
 
  With a 
  
    snap
  
   of the boards, it was suddenly on Vis stick, and she gathered it as she broke the blue line, her wingers at either side of her, a safety valve if she needed it.
 
  Eight seconds.
 
  Vi faked right, moved left, passed it to Diana as she rounded the net, stopped in front of the net, set up a screen as Ekko broke for the bench for the extra skater.
 
  Seven seconds.
 
  Diana controlled the puck, got it out to Ashe, who immediately dumped it back to Caitlyn. The Knights played up, looking for her to take the shot.
 
  Six seconds.
 
  Caitlyn handled the puck, zipped it across to Leona, got it back from her.
 
  Five seconds.
 
  The Knights skated closer, and with a quick backhand, Caitlyn had the puck to Ashes right skate.
 
  Four seconds.
 
  Ashe to Diana.
 
  Three seconds.
 
  Diana to Vi, who was already wound up.
 
  Two point five seconds.
 
  Vis stick came down.
 
  Two seconds.
 
  
    Ting
  
  .
 
  There was no goal horn, for the sound of the crowd. There was no goal horn as Vi was skating around the net, arms above her head, the red light above the net. There was no goal horn because Vis blood in her ears was so loud that she couldnt hear anything, her arms dropping to her sides as her team gripped her helmet and shook it from side to side, the score ticking from 2—3 to 3—3, the Knights slapping their sticks on the ice in frustration as the Sumprats tied it up.
 
  The cheering became chants of 
  
    MVP, MVP
  
   as the two teams skated to the centre dot to finish out the period, but the result was clear.
 
  Tie game meant overtime, and in the playoffs there was no shootout — it was three on three hockey until somebody scored.
 
  As the third period horn sounded, the Sumprats trooped into the locker room to discuss strategy, Caitlyn and Vi one after another, and the Last Drop was still rocking with the moment.
  
  Theres a tiny bar in Zaun, packed to the gills with Sumprats jerseys, as everyone milled around, slightly upset, biting their knuckles with anxiety.
 
  “God, if youre out there,” a dog—hybrid says, looking upwards pleadingly.
 
  “Come on, come on,” says an older woman, “finals, come on, youre so close.”
 
  “We can probably beat them in Demacia,” a young man says to his crowd of friends, “dont you think?”
 
  “Dont put that fucking evil on us,” his girlfriend snaps, “were winning it here. Have faith.”
 
  “Faceoff!” the bartender barks, “everyone shut up.”
 
  Theres a pause as the bar leans forwards, the draw is one and a 
  
    yes!
  
   Gets barked.
 
  “Go Ekko, go go, we need the skater.”
 
  “Dont play with the puck, Kiramman,” calls a man who gets shushed immediately.
 
  “Oh, oh, oh,” says a woman whos on a barstool, arms wrapped around her knees.
 
  “SHOOT!” cries the bar as Caitlyn takes the puck, then passes it immediately.
 
  “Why—” begins a person dressed entirely in purple.
 
  Then, as the goal light flashes red, the bar erupts into sound. Car horns begin bleeding in from the street. Apartment buildings begin to thunder with the sound of cheers.
 
  All of the sounds have one word in common.
 
  Overtime.
  
  “For the folks at home,” Marv says, voice slightly hoarse, “the RHL changed the Overtime rules in 2019 — its a twenty minute period of three on three hockey for sudden death overtime. The next goal wins the game, winner take all. Predictions, Danielle?”
 
  “Its impossible to predict how this one will turn out,” Danielle says, “but Demacia doesnt want to go home, and the Sumprats want to put this team away. Vi Wickett is having the series of her career so far and Garens played one of the finest games Ive ever seen him play — look for both of them to make their mark on this one.”
  
  Vi, Caitlyn, and Leona took the ice against Garen and his top defenceman, his best winger. Caitlyn played on Vis wing, and Leona took the defensive position, a lineup that the Sumprats hadnt trot out before, a lineup that they were excited about.
 
  “Nobody will know what to do with Caitlyn on the wing,” Viktor had said, “light them up.”
 
  The draw was won back to Leona as the Sumprats took up the attack, Caitlyn taking the puck on the flank and zipping it across to Vi for a quick chance that got blocked with a defenders stick. Vi managed to get a chunk of it and send it back to Leona, who coasted along the blue line, a shark swimming silently, eagerly.
 
  Three on Three was a different animal — there was so much open ice, so much room to be punished for mistakes, to get clear and head for a breakaway. Leona was the perfect person to stop breakaways, went the logic, being big and tough with a good shot and a good handle.
 
  But theyd played sixty minutes of hard hockey, and the ice had battle scars. As Leona coasted along, her skates dipped, the puck hopped, and Garen lashed out with his stick to send the ice tumbling backwards.
 
  It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion for Vi as she immediately leapt forwards, but Leona was caught flat—footed and Garen had a head start on her, snagging the puck and heading for Ekko with a head full of steam. The only person on the ice that had a prayer of catching him was—
 
  33 flew by her, black jersey fluttering, and Caitlyn ate up the distance between her and Garen with her long strides, eyes set, face stone cold.
 
  Vi raced back to assist, but the two were so far away. Garen clearly thought he was home free as he gathered the puck on his stick, looked to make his move. Caitlyn wasnt going to make the poke check, wasnt going to get a stick on it in time. Vi could see the goal coming, braced herself for game seven, started conducting the words shed need to say to fire the squad up after being served defeat from the jaws of victory—
 
  And then Caitlyn lowered her shoulder and became a one—woman missile, launching at Garen as he started his deke.
 
  The thunderous hit sent him crashing to the ice as she staggered like a baby deer, flopped onto her side, and collided with the boards. Ekko leapt upwards, got his stick on the puck, and fired it the length of the ice to Leona, past the two racing Knights attackers. 
 
  Leona turned, found Vi alone, and Vi had the puck on her stick for the breakaway chance.
 
  She dashed up the ice as the Knights players raced to catch up to her, one slightly faster as she handled past the blue line, gathered on her backhand to keep it away from the trailing defender. The defender whacked at her ankles as she staggered, and she saw the referees hand go up for a penalty shot, but she was determined not to need it. She kept her eyes on the goalie, flipped the puck to her forehand, and shot it — a perfect shot on net.
 
  The puck hit the bottom of the tendies trapper, collided with the mesh, and Vis victory roar was so loud she tasted blood, her helmet and gloves flying off as Caitlyn and Leona crashed into her, as the Sumprats leapt over the board in an explosion of equipment and sticks and helmets as they raced towards the pile on the ice. Caitlyns grip on her waist was pulling upwards, and Claggor and Leona were helping as she was hoisted above the pile of Sumprats home jerseys, the crowd shrieking in jubilation, her hands raised high.
 
  “WERE GOING TO THE FUCKING FINALS!” Vi threw her head back and screamed, and as she stretched her fingers out, she saw Powder standing behind the glass, hands pressed to it as she leapt up and down, screaming every bit as much as the Zaun crowd.
 
  Vi slapped her hand to the glass, and Powder slapped hers on it to match, the sisters matching blue eyes gazing at one another, love, admiration, respect mirrored there.
 
  They were going to the finals.




  
  Run at the Cup.
 
  
    Round Four: Unprotected
  
 
  
    “My body could stand the crutches, but my mind couldnt stand the sideline.” 
  
  — Michael Jordan
 
  
    Crack.
  
 
  The camera felt like it fell for an hour, in the haste to get to the maintenance access of the ice. It was slowly rotating in air, blurry and out of focus, unimportant. Alongside the other fans in the Lone Stars Arena, open mouthed, hands cupping their lower faces as they watched the ice with rapt, slightly upset expressions. They were unimportant. Nothing else mattered. Not the shot she wouldnt get, not the obligations to media companies — distributors and employees and editors who were waiting in the wings to give the rough cuts. Not the atmosphere, not the foley, not the lighting she needed to fix in post because of a flickering fluorescent that had washed Claggor out in their sixth reel.
 
  Nothing else mattered.
 
  She had to get down there.
  
  
    Spaghetti Teddys Rambunctious RHL Column
  
 
  Well, Zaun, it happened.
 
  In some ways it kind of felt destined, and in other ways Im completely shocked, but the zombie, flagging Piltover Lone Stars are facing off against the juggernaut Zaun Sumprats for the RHL Finals. There are predictions flying around left and right about how this might be the most exciting teams for historical reasons in RHL history while also being the most anti—climactic games well ever see, but before we get to all that I want to say a few words to those who found a home here in my writing and stayed for the duration.
 
  Ive been doing this a long time — writing RHL content. Ive done it for fun and Ive done it for work there was a time where I would have never dreamed I could make it a career, but because of the insane amount of support that Ive accrued throughout the last season and playoffs, I can say that for the first time in my career Im comfortably living off of writing RHL columns and doing podcasts. Thats insane to me — that an indie writer could ever be considered an important voice in an ongoing, national conversation — but I promise, solemnly, to do my best to not lead you astray.
 
  Sappy shit aside, lets take a look at the takes.
 
  Firstly, lets acknowledge that Landsman is a piece of shit, because she is. You might have noticed the lack of her name in my columns of late, but thats not because I didnt want to get into the action — I definitely did — but I was putting my focus into my personal life for most of March and only had time to focus on the daily games. By the time I had the ability to say something about the scandal, it felt like the conversation had moved on, and that never sat right with me.
 
  So lets repeat history, here: Terri Landsman is abusive. Was abusive. Will likely always be abusive in one form or another, if any study on abuse is to be believed.
 
  That out of the way, it is high key negligent that Landsman still has a roster spot on the Lone Stars. I, along with most of you, am living for how little chill GM Matthew Hill has about the whole thing — he outright said the owners wouldnt let him cut her, and they declined to comment (and there are rumours that he might be as good as fired this offseason (YES THEYRE POTENTIALLY FIRING THE GM WHO MADE TWO KEY TRADES THAT GOT THEM TO THE FINALS YOU CANNOT MAKE THIS SHIT UP)) but still, its a travesty. Heimerdinger should have, could still, and SHOULD still step in and demand her be cut. The fans demanded it until the siren song of the playoffs lured them back in, the media is 
  
    still
  
   demanding it (to some extent, at least — theres a lot of media folks who are, shall we say, Suspiciously Silent on the matter), but hes mum on the subject. Which, whatever, I cant really expect anything different.
 
  But what I 
  
    can
  
   expect to be different is the promotional material hyping up the history between the franchises.
 
  Which is hilarious. Because… there is none.
 
  Do you want to talk about the history between the 
  
    cities?
  
   Because sure, we could talk about that. But thats not what youre talking about, is it, RHL?
 
  You wouldnt be making an advertising campaign that subtly pushes a players past abuse at the hands of another player as a 
  
    selling point
  
  , would you, RHL?
 
  Because that would be 
  
    deplorable
  
  , right, RHL?
 
  Folks, I know that Zaun fans are hyped about the series because Piltover poisoned their water and fucked with them for a generation, and I would never take away that. Im also hyped for similar reasons — Im craving the poetry of watching the Lone Stars flail around and shit themselves at the hands of Zaun. But to highlight the history between Kiramman and Landsman is just. Thats so garbage. Thats weak and awful and I really, really thought the RHL was better than that.
 
  Instead, we got a rivalry that was years in the making. Just vague enough that it could be referring to Wicketts  history with the club, sure — but it could also reference 
  
    Kirammans
  
  , and of the two, which had a more media—frenzied and publicly seen impact, hmmm?
 
  I think my points been made. No more talk about how historical this buildup is. Its an expansion team that made the finals against a perennial playoff contender that might be blown up in the offseason by incompetent owners who cant figure out a way to 
  
    not
  
   pay a player, the One Thing that owners are supposed to be good at.
 
  Anyways. Yes. The hockey doesnt match up well at all. On the one hand, you have the top two lines of the Sumprats — Hot Girl Shit is setting a historic pace for productivity, Vi Wickett is having the playoffs of her career and is on pace for over 20 goals, Kiramman remains a consistent and reliable points generator. The Ahri—Poppy—Mylo line is surprisingly versatile and doesnt shy away, and Thresh, Darius and Riven are slotted in and out as needed, steadfast and devoted role players. Theyre the best defensive team by any metric in terms of takeaways and shots allowed, they have a rock solid goaltender in Ekko and a dinosaur to trot out in case of injury, they have the Coach of the Year manning the bench.
 
  On the other hand, the Lone Stars have Akali, and… 
 
  So as I said, the hockey doesnt match up at all.
 
  Okay, okay. Lets drill down a little deeper on the Lone Stars — this club at least deserves that, considering that they spent millions washing their hands of those most involved with the Landsman scandal (except Landsman herself). The Lone Stars felt like they were out of energy and outgunned in the first Red Pandas game. Adlers been a revelation, but shes only one goal scorer — a rookie one, at that. Shes been inconsistent but more good than bad, and Piltover fans should feel really good about what this deep playoff run means for her development. Jax is a top ten goaltender in the league and can clearly steal a few playoff games, but nobodys calling him a brick wall and hes likely at the very edge of his prime. The rest of the roster has produced a couple of points here and there, but theres nothing here that has reliability — the Eastern Finals looked exactly like it was, a bunch of scared first timers trying to win a playoff game.
 
  So that leaves Akali, and as a nuclear option, shes very good. Hell, I think Akalis stock after this playoff series has to be sky high — shes clearly one of the best four or five players in hockey, and may just be the best 
  
    leader
  
   in the game right now after seeing what shes accomplished.
 
  But guess who the Sumprats have?
 
  Vi Wickett. As in, the single greatest one on one lockdown player in the history of the sport.
 
  So when Vi puts the clamps on Akali, the Lone Stars shift their sights onto Adler performing well, and thats a bet thats really tough to take. The kids pulled through so far, but the Lone Stars playoffs so far looked like this:
 
  Round 1: They beat an Ironfists team that wasnt ready and was clearly leaderless with Sett shitting down his leg.
 
  Round 2: They beat a War Horses team that was built to score around two players that no longer play for them.
 
  Round 3: They 4—0d a Red Pandas squad that, while frisky, lost three of their best skaters in a series of unlucky plays.
 
  None of these squads Id say were a defensive juggernaut. But I 
  
    would
  
   say that about the Sumprats, a team with Vi Wickett, Poppy Tieth, Leona Kampf, Diana Kampf, Claggor Stoic, Thresh, Riven (who has stepped up defensively), and Darius.
 
  So Id put money on Adler being starstruck and a little out of her depth for the first two home Zaun games as she experiences a playoff—level defence for the first time. Which is bad news for the Lone Stars, because if youre Piltover, you 
  
    need
  
   to steal a home game — nobody has beaten the Sumprats in their barn yet in the playoffs and you need to break them there at least once to take the series.
 
  I dont know. Its hockey — anything can happen. But when you have one club who had to battle the Knights to get to the finals and you have another club that waltzed in due to injury, my money isnt on the waltzers.
 
  Its definitely on the fighters.
  
  “ How are we handling Landsman being on the ice?” Claggor asked.
 
  Vi and Caitlyn were sitting with the team in a loose circle in the weight room at The Last Drop, the assorted players arranged on the floor with the soles of their feet pressed together, their knees pressed down to the floor in a butterfly stretch.
 
  Caitlyn shook her head. “We arent.”
 
  She was met with grunts of displeasure as she leaned forwards, pressing her forehead to the mat, hearing the grunts of displeasure change to stretch—related groans as the Sumprats followed suit. They followed her in yoga, now — her unbroken streak of staying in games having finally become public knowledge when Darius bragged about his games played column, revealed that one person — only one person — had beaten his record.
 
  When asked who, Darius had said, 
  
    thats a good question — isnt it, captain?
  
 
  The jig up, Caitlyn told them about her flexibility programs, her intense yoga sessions, and now she had a gaggle of teammates following her whenever she went.
 
  “Its the finals, guys,” Caitlyn said, voice echoing from the floor, “Ashe is still being bugged by her hip, Ahri is taking it easy — we cant afford to throw anyone else into the meat grinder to send a message.”
 
  “Sending a message was for the regular season,” Vi replied, backing her up, “we dont want to leave anything to chance.”
 
  Claggor raised his eyebrows, didnt say a word, didnt contradict his captains. Poppy, too, frowned but didnt protest.
 
  Ahri looked around, and said, “okay, guess Ill be the one to say it — what good is playing it safe and not sacrificing a body to make sure Landsman knows the score if she comes after Caitlyn on the very next play?”
 
  “She clearly holds a grudge,” Darius agreed, “and targeting Caitlyn might be the best method to even the playing field.”
 
  “We can spare Claggor a ten minute for fighting,” Diana insisted, “just to let her know that we remember.”
 
  “She knows,” Caitlyn said.
 
  “Theres a difference between knowing, and 
  
    knowing.
  
  ” Darius argued.
 
  Caitlyn slid her gaze to Darius, watching him for a few moments, abandoning the yoga for a bit. She leaned back on her hands, kept her gaze level with his as she considered him.
 
  “You all have been amazing,” Caitlyn said, “seriously amazing all year. I was lucky to get chosen to this team — lucky to skate alongside each and every one of you. But Landsman is the past — Landsman doesnt matter. Not to me, and not to our gameplan. If she comes after me, its a guaranteed penalty — which means we get a powerplay, which we turn into goals.”
 
  “Goals means wins,” Vi continued from there, “wins means a cup. Were talking big picture shit, here.”
 
  “You cant seriously think this is a good idea,” Ahri said, incredulously, to Vi.
 
  Vi had argued with Caitlyn about it — argued about it for an hour at what Caitlyn considered their home — for the time being. Vi had ranted and raved about wanting to take Landsman to pieces with her own two hands, confessed how scared she was — how fearful she was for Caitlyn, how she was convinced that Landsman was an absolute psychopath and that she wasnt done hurting them.
 
  “We can make it work for us,” Caitlyn had said, smoothing her hands down Vis biceps, comforting. From the angle she was at, she could see her bulging biceps — new this season. She could feel how strong her core was, the flexibility in her step. She could close her eyes and picture her confidence on game days, on Vis exercise and love giving her all the strength she needed to be her best self.
 
  “Im stronger now than I was at Piltover,” Caitlyn had continued, “and Vi, she was too weak to crush me back then. Id like to see her try now.”
 
  “I want to pay her back,” Vi had said, fiercely.
 
  “We are,” Caitlyn had replied, “by making her insignificant.”
 
  “Its what Caitlyn wants to do,” Vi said in the weight room, watching Caitlyn, smiling slightly, “and, best of all, it makes Landsman not worth thinking about. Thats what we want. Thats what Caitlyn wants.”
 
  “But—” Ahri started to jump back in.
 
  “Captains spoken,” Claggor said, softly. His voice filled the big room, and Ahri closed her mouth, frowned lightly, and dropped it.
 
  “Okay,” Caitlyn said, clapping her hands, “downward dog.”
 
  “Why am I even doing this,” Graves muttered, “the kids playing.”
 
  “Just in case, gramps,” Ekko laughed, “get your old ass on your knees.”
 
  “Fucking hate stretching,” Graves muttered, but shuffled into the position.
  
  Cameras are set up all along the main roads of Zaun, catching the Piltover bus as it arrives from the Zaun Airport to The Last Drop Arena. Fans are gathered outside the stadium and erupt into polite applause as the Piltover Lone Stars disembark, with Akali and Adler leading the way — both wearing matching bronze headphones and remaining focused on their march into the back entrance. Jax follows the two of them with earbuds in, his mask swinging idly from his fingers, ever—present purple hood being pulled over his hair as he moved.
 
  The polite applause immediately shifts to booing when Landsman steps off of the bus, absent headphones, taking a moment to look around – a shocked expression on her face. She steps towards the barricades set up along either side of the path to the arena, a security guard shouting something, directing her to keep moving. Coach Lucian steps around her, eyes rolling slightly as he flips open a document in his hands, dressed in a pressed grey suit with a blue shirt collar and looking frazzled, excited.
 
  As Landsman begins to shout something to the booing crowd, a manicured hand launches a cup of a deep purple smoothie through the air. The footage freezes for a moment as the smoothie is mid—flight, zooms in to reveal that the words Fuck You are scrawled on the plastic takeout cup in black sharpie, courtesy of a local barista. The footage unfreezes suddenly, as the deep purple liquid splashes up Landsmans beige turtleneck, over her shoulder, and across her face.
 
  Landsman immediately puts both hands on the barricade to make to leap into the crowd when two security guards grab her, the crowd immediately closing ranks to protect the smoothie thrower, making an impassable wall as Landsman is corralled and led into the arena, a security guard on either side of her. As she heads into the arena, a chant begins to erupt in the crowd.
 
  
    FUCK YOU LANDSMAN
  
 
  Clap, clap, clapclapclap.

  
    
  
  
    
  
  
    FUCK YOU LANDSMAN
  
 
  Clap, clap, clapclapclap.
  
  “Caitlyn!”
 
  Caitlyn looked up and grinned, seeing her mother and father sitting rinkside — right behind the goaltender. She changed course from heading towards the locker room to walk towards them, tugging at her baseball cap nervously. All of her nerves for the upcoming were borne out in her hands, a fact that made her a little irritated.
 
  Less so when Vi had called it cute, but what did she know — all of her nerves were her chewing the shit out of her lips.
 
  “Hey,” Caitlyn said, smiling brightly, leaning in to hug both of them. She never did this before a game — never paid them more than the briefest of glances, not wanting to jinx herself. It was a superstition thing.
 
  But this was the RHL finals, what shed been working for her entire career, and if the gods were going to smite her for hugging her parents before the game, that would be a great time to get smote.
 
  “Did Illaoi eat a sandwich?” Cassandra asked. “I brought a hoagie, just in case.”
 
  “Wolfed it down in the parking lot,” Caitlyn confirmed, laughing a little. Illaoi and Cassandra had taken up an odd sort of friendship in the few times Caitlyns parents had done a drive—by to a team event. Cassandra liked to know everyones little superstitions, liked to play into them as much as she clearly didnt believe in them.
 
  Tobias eyes were already red ringed, and Caitlyn caught the sight of a barbecue lighter sticking out of his jeans pocket, rolled her eyes.
 
  “Dad, didnt security find that?”
 
  “My daughter is team captain,” Tobias said, primly, “I get special privileges.”
 
  Wordlessly, Cassandra tugged the lighter out of his pants and slapped it into Caitlyns hand.
 
  “Oh — we also have tickets in Piltover, Caity. Were with you the whole way.”
 
  Caitlyn frowned. “I couldve arranged it.”
 
  Cassandra waved a hand. “I didnt want you to have to talk to those awful people on my account. Besides, we have the money — might as well buy our seats like everyone else.”
 
  “I hear Piltover crowds are nowhere near as loud as Zauns,” Tobias mused.
 
  “They would certainly not have let you in with a lighter,” Caitlyn replied with a laugh, and then hugged both close again as Vis head poked out of the tunnel, located them, and tugged her beanie over her eyebrows, smoothed her hands down her jeans.
 
  Even with Vi having lived with them for almost a month during the heat of the scandal, she was always adorably awkward around them, choosing words carefully, projecting as respectably as she could. It made Caitlyns heart flutter a little — these displays of effort. For someone as effortlessly charming and emotionally intelligent as Vi, the amount of care she put into her relationship with Caitlyns parents was…
 
  It made her so beautiful.
 
  “Tobias, Cassandra,” Vi said, smiling, “nice seats — who do you know?”
 
  Cassandra laughed, opening her arms for a hug, and Vi hesitated a fraction of a second before hugging her back.
 
  “I have my ways,” Cassandra mused, “I know both the captains, actually. It makes me really sought after as a dinner guest and a DM participant.”
 
  “Your mother is on twitter now,” Tobias said, floatily. Cassandra elbowed him without much heat behind it.
 
  “Caitlyn,” Vi said, pointing a thumb to the locker room, “we gotta…”
 
  “Right,” Caitlyn said, turned to her parents, and smiled wide. “I hope you enjoy your first finals.”
 
  “Kick their ass,” Cassandra said, viciously.
 
  As soon as the two women ducked back into the tunnel, Cassandras face fell into a serious mask as she looked at the rink.
 
  “Dear,” Cassandra said, “if that Landsman touches Cait—”
 
  “Ive got just the spot,” Tobias replied, kissing Cassandras temple, “nobody will ever find the body.”
  
  Zaun was abuzz with finals energy, an energy that they had never thought theyd experience. Their expansion team had done the improbable, becoming one of only two expansion teams to make the finals in all of the big four sports. Now, they were attempting the impossible — winning in their first year of existence.
 
  Bars hosted watch parties. Apartment buildings marked the rooftop access as open to all and had big screen televisions brought in. Employers recommended vacation time, signed off on working from home — anything to reduce the traffic stress that up to two weeks of intense Finals action could bring.
 
  Mel Medarda had organised five parking lots to be manufactured into open—air movie theatres, with crowds pouring into roped off areas to watch the game on giant projector screens hung from buildings. Zaun local television removed the paywall of the Finals package, letting any Zaun native watch the game for free. Restaurants promised free tacos if any Sumprat scored a hattrick in any of the Finals games.
 
  It was all the talk, all the rage. When Sevika pulled into the arena, she found a mob of people cheering her on at a respectful distance, moving from car to car to hype the home team up and give them their blessings, their well wishes.
 
  She waved at them, jingled her keys as she walked into the swinging doors, and took off her sunglasses as she marched straight to Viktors office.
 
  “Hey,” she said, knocking, “you ready?”
 
  “I threw up twice,” Viktor said, face white, a jug of orange juice on his desk.
 
  "One less than me," Sevika said, giving him a half—smile. "I couldnt eat anything last night — too many butterflies."
 
  "Does this go away?"
 
  "Well see," the head coach replied, "the radio was saying this is the lowest amount of experience between two coaches in Finals history. Crazy shit."
 
  "That just means were supposedly on even keel.”
 
  “Dunno about that,” Sevika said, “you hear about this guy? 30 years old, has no assistants — its a lone gunman coaching job hes done. According to Mel, the owners cutting Danforth loose mean they still have to pay him for two years so they dont want to bring on any more help.”
 
  “Wow,” Viktor said, slugging back some orange juice as he thought about that. “No wonder his coachings gotten more frazzled as the playoffs continued.”
 
  Sevika nodded. “I dont think were evenly matched at all. I think if we throw enough at him hell panic. I dont want to bet on it because the guy seems like he has ice water in his veins but — its an angle we can push.”
 
  Viktor rose, headed towards the white board — marked up so much in the little Assistant Coachs office that it was permanently stained red, black, and blue. There was no assistant coachs office before Viktor had shown up, but Mel and Sevika had given him one four games in, when Viktor admitted that he had to make three trips every day to get all the boxes of paperwork hed been working on into the stadium, lug them back out when he was done.
 
  Viktor wiped off the starting lineup — Hot Girl Shit — and wrote down Scorched Earth.
 
  “Stay with me here,” Viktor said, and began to write names.
 
  Sevika leaned close to what he was writing, a slow, creeping smile lighting her face up as Viktor continued to expand on his idea.
 
  “Oh yeah,” Sevika said, grinning, “thats definitely something.”
  
  In regular games — season games — fans didnt start filling up the stadium until just before puck drop. Between combined traffic and concessions and general sports arena dramatics, making your way to your seat was one of the last things people did, laden with beer and pretzels and hotdogs and all other kinds of things that made a hockey game a hockey game.
 
  But as soon as both teams left the tunnel for warmups, The Last Drop pumping a pump—up mix into the stadium speakers, they were met with an explosion of noise — a sold out crowd that was rocking and rolling and ready to get it done.
 
  Caitlyn allowed herself ten seconds to absorb the atmosphere, instead of blocking it out. Ten seconds to face the fear head on, the nerves, the unbelievable feeling that she was 
  
    here
  
  , she was finally here — after struggling and fighting through injuries and staying on the ice. She was here, she was ready, and she had a team with her.
 
  A team that she loved, who loved her. A woman at her side — Vi, doing the same thing she was doing, drinking it in.
 
  “Holy shit,” Vi said softly, at the seven second mark.
 
  Caitlyn turned to look at her, smiled softly. Vi smiled back, eyes bright, grin fearless.
 
  “Lets make some magic,” Vi continued.
 
  “Ride or die,” Caitlyn replied, turning to skate to her team.
  
  "Terri," Jeff Bronheim skated close, black and white jersey fluttering. His salt and pepper beard displayed how long hed been in the league as a head referee, how many teams hed seen come and go from the RHL Final. Terri had never seen him on this stage, but it made sense that hed want to talk to the big dog first.
 
  Jeff was a good guy. Good head on his shoulders.
 
  "Hey, Jeff," Terri said warmly while the awful Zaun warmup music echoed throughout the arena — if she had to listen to that stupid 
  
    Wont back down
  
   shit she was going to lose her mind — and stretched out her back. "Whats shaking?"
 
  "Nothing much," Jeff said, and then his face grew stern. "I dont want any misunderstandings between us, Terri, and I know you got a history. So let me be abundantly clear — I catch any hint of you going after Kiramman, Ill yank you so fast your head will spin."
 
  Landsman stared, her chest filling with a familiar hot rage. "You know thats all bullshit, Jeff."
 
  "Im giving her the same warning Im giving you," Jeff 
  
    lied.
  
   Nobody gave Kiramman warnings — the little bitch got everything just the way she fucking wanted it.
 
  "Sure thing, Jeff the Ref," Terri said, smile bright and aching her cheeks. Jeff nodded and skated towards the Sumprats to pretend to give the same warning, but Terri knew different.
 
  He was an idiot anyway. Always been a loser. Probably had a friend on the assignment committee. Fucking plug.
 
  There was only so much of this bullshit Terri was going to take. The league couldnt shit down her throat this long and expect her to keep smiling. Someone was going to break, and she was going to do the fucking breaking.
 
  It had all started because of Caitlyn. Stupid bitch couldnt keep her mouth shut. She sent Wickett after her — Landsman remembered Wickett flying into her penalty box all too well.
 
  Terri Landsman stretched her back, watched her hump of a dead weight head coach, observed her shit tier Captain and the phenom rookie that was too much of a pussy to meet Kirammans eyes, and glanced up at the rafters, the empty Zaun rafters with not a single banner hanging there.
 
  If she had her fucking way, there wouldnt be a scrap of material hanging here when the series were up.
 
  Her gaze slid to Wickett, watching her. Icy blue eyes flashing across the ice. Terri snarled, gave her best glare. Wickett responded by rubbing her nose, looking bored, and rolling one shoulder.
 
  Slowly, Terris gaze slid from her eyes to her left knee — the knee that Wickett had been favouring away from slightly for the past few series.
 
  She smiled to herself.
  
  “Okay,” Sevika called over the crowd noise, her team surrounding the bench — Vi and Caitlyn sitting on the wood, with Thresh, Darius, and Riven out there to start. Leona and Illaoi were the defenders, a brand new lineup, a mix of people who had very little tape on them playing together.
 
  “You know what to do. Were going to set the tone as physical early, make the refs make the decision right now how chippy the series is going to be. You got a body near you, get up on it. I want this shift to have five Lone Stars on the ice by the time you get back to the bench, and then Hot Girl Shit comes out to clean it. Everyone know their role?”
 
  “The lumber,” Riven said with a grin.
 
  “Pitter patter,” Darius added, “lets get at er.”
 
  Thresh nodded tightly, popping his mouthguard in.
 
  “Okay, Sumprats — lets get to work.”
 
  The group skated towards the faceoff circle, Darius matching up with Akali at the dot, Adler on her wing. Behind her, Jax skated back and forth in his crease, cleaning it out, testing the texture.
 
  On the Lone Stars bench, Lucian frowned, flipped through a notebook, eyes widening as he looked at the skaters on the ice. He called something out, swallowed by the crowds increasing fervor as the puck started to get ready to drop. He yelled louder, stepping forwards, causing Akali to jerk her head towards him, a question on his face. He mimed a hook, and Akali nodded, adjusted her stance, got low.
 
  As soon as the puck dropped, Darius let Akali win it back and leaned on her so heavily that she dropped to a knee. Akali immediately hooked his skate with her stick and pulled forwards, causing him to right himself and freeing herself up from the brief scrum. She whirled away from him to chase the puck back as her defenseman got stapled to the boards by Thresh, the puck squirting free as Riven was pouncing on it for the immediate Sumprats chance.
 
  Adler managed to get back to contest, blocking Rivens quick shot with her stick, and Riven followed up by hitting her hard enough to send her careening into the glass, jabbing at the puck with her stick the whole way. Another Lone Star snatched the puck up and Illaoi hit him in the open ice, sending him flopping backwards as Akali pounced on the free chance, avoided Leona narrowly, and started the messy counter attack.
 
  Adler couldnt get up ice fast enough as Akali tried to beat Riven back, but Rivens wheels led to her trying a hit that Akali rolled through, making it more of a bump than the thunderous check that Riven wanted. Still, she coughed the puck up in the Sumprats end, Ekko coming out of the crease to play it to Thresh as the Sumprats wheeled around for the attack.
 
  The first shift was thirty seconds of chippy, aggressive play — the Lone Stars caught flat footed as the Sumprats hit them and hit them hard, the crowd exploding in joy to watch the Lone Stars jerseys hit the ice so many times. Akali managed to avoid the worst of the punishment, and stayed in with Adler when Hot Girl Shit shuffled into the lineup, and the play changed from slow and grindy to fast paced and frantic.
 
  The Lone Stars top line, put out there to try and counter HGS, had to change out due to the bruising play, and Akali and Adler were too tired from the long shift to properly meet the challenge of the best line in hockey as Vi worked the puck to Diana who slipped it to Ashe who played it back to Leona who got it to Caitlyn, a dizzying second of hockey as the puck became a blurred line zipping around the ice. Caitlyn found Vi in the slot for a shot that clacked off of the crossbar and behind Jaxs back, and the Sumprats were on the board.
 
  Hot Girl Shit came together in celebration as the crowd went ballistic, and Sevika chomped her gum, prowled behind the bench as Viktor made notes, sketched plays. Lucian, on the Lone Stars bench, stared, frowned, and then immediately started tapping helmets as new players got shuttled onto the ice.
 
  Most teams take a period to adjust to a style of play, but to Lucians credit, he had the Lone Stars responding well — putting out a lineup that included Akali, Adler, and a right winger named Davidson with a bushy beard and drawn tight brows, who always looked like he was trying to see the puck better. Davidson wore the number 46 and was slow to skate but had hands of iron, big shoulders, and was intimidating to get a hit off of.
 
  He also, crucially, hadnt even laced them up in the RHL before game 72 of the season. 
 
  The Lone Stars started feeding him the puck to get across the blue line with, the spot that the Sumprats liked to hit the attackers, jostle them into knocking the puck out. Leona caught him the first time, lowered the boom on him, but he just lowered his body to meet her, a clacking of pads that echoed across the arena.
 
  He kept his feet and kept the puck, and Leona clattered back into the boards, brow furrowing.
 
  The play led to a chance against Ekko, who made a fantastic diving save, but it was enough to go back to the drawing board.
 
  “I asked him who he skated with,” Vi said to Caitlyn, “before the playoffs. Hes from a farm team.”
 
  Caitlyn raised her eyebrows. “Farm team to the RHL finals? Thats crazy.”
 
  “Yeah, apparently their coach and GM got rid of so many skaters involved with Landsman that they filled the roster with whoever they could find. Hes a big fan of yours.”
 
  “Really?” Caitlyn asked, drawing back.
 
  “He asked me to get him an autograph,” Vi said, grinning.
 
  Davidsons presence still left the Lone Stars without much speed, however — Adler was clearly shaken by the Sumprats building and the energy of the moment, yacked two pucks high and coughed it up. Akali kept calming her down with a hand on her shoulder, a few words in her ear, but the rookie had a faraway look in her eyes, kept staring at the crowd, wincing at the lights.
 
  Akali was every bit as good as advertised — always involved, playing every shift hard, treating the moment exactly like it was — the first game of the RHL final. She stapled Vi to the boards on one assault, fought off Rivens stick in her own zone, avoided hits and played through pressure. Four rounds of momentum were showing on both sides, and Akali was top five in the world.
 
  But Vi was top two, in Caitlyns book, and proved it by finally catching Akali with a clean hit, bowling her over at centre ice and pushing the puck up past the blue line to zip it back into the attacking zone, finding Caitlyn with a quick wrist pass that Caitlyn slapped home with ease, racking up the third goal on Zauns column.
 
  Akali rolled over onto her stomach, and Vi was there to hoist her to her feet. Akali smacked the back of Vis jersey to communicate 
  
    good hit
  
  , skated towards her bench, leaned in close to exchange words with Lucian.
 
  Lucian said something back which made Akali turn to look at Landsman — sitting pretty on the bench, totally clean uniform, adjusting her gloves. Landsman had done nothing but glare at each Sumprat that skated close, a snarl on her features, but she did most of her looking towards Caitlyn.
 
  Caitlyn hadnt met her eyes, too focused on the game to care about any sort of mindgames that Landsman wanted to play. But now, with the score 3—1 and the third period ticking down, this time, she met Terris gaze.
 
  Landsmans eyes narrowed, her teeth showing in a snarl, and Caitlyn, bored and impassive, pointed at the scoreboard.
 
  Landsman gripped the boards with her gloves as if to leap over them, and Caitlyn laughed to herself—  a soft, quick chuckle that surprised her. That sort of movement used to make her flinch. The snarl used to make her cower. Instead, she felt sorry for this person who wanted desperately to be feared, declawed, de—teethed. She could gum at the bars all that she wanted, but Caitlyn was safe here — safe among her peers, safe with a better team.
 
  Then, Landsmans number was called, and she hopped the boards to skate towards Caitlyn, and Caitlyn stopped to watch her approach. She felt rather than heard Vi stop at her shoulder, Claggor standing up on the bench, Darius subtly unstrapping his helmet — just in case.
 
  “Terri,” Caitlyn greeted.
 
  “You got these people all fucked up,” Terri said, “you got me all wrong. Anything that happened to you was—”
 
  “Break it up,” Jeff Bronheim, white and black sweater fluttering, appeared between them. “Not a word. Play some hockey or get on the bench.”
 
  Terri snarled again, skated in a tight circle and headed back towards her wing, Caitlyn shrugging and heading towards her spot, too. Terri kept trying to catch her eye, and Caitlyn let her, the small smile still affixed to her face, gloves relaxed around her stick.
 
  The puck was dropped, and Vi won it back to Caitlyn as Terri bolted forwards, aimed directly at Caitlyn. Caitlyn passed it fast to Leona, straightened as Terri bore down on her, forced her to choose between following the play or taking an interference penalty. She watched Terri take three hard strides, stick out in a crosscheck motion.
 
  At the last moment, Caitlyn ducked, rotated her hips so that Terris waist collided with her hipbone, and sent her flying forwards to smack into the boards and land on the ice in a heap.
 
  Jeffs hand went up for a delayed penalty — interference on Landsman — as Caitlyn didnt spare Landsman a backwards glance as she rushed to catch up with the play. Akali snagged the puck to trigger the penalty, sending Landsman to the penalty box, putting the Sumprats on the powerplay.
 
  As Landsman slammed the penalty box door, Caitlyn came to a stop near the Sumprats bench, leaned on it, and looked at Darius.
 
  “Told you,” she said, and Darius laughed, shook his head.
 
  “For a second I thought you were going to take the hit.”
 
  “Not from her,” Caitlyn said, pulling a water bottle out as she sat on the bench, squirting it into her mouth. “Never again from her.”
  
  The powerplay netted another goal — a blast from the point off of Illaois stick — and the Sumprats cruised through game 1 with the 1—0 series lead. The story of the night was that the Lone Stars were hopelessly outclassed talent wise, that Vi Wickett was still playing out of her mind, and that Landsman and Kiramman had a mini—altercation that the pundits in the media expected to heat up as the series went along. When asked about it, Caitlyn demurred, shrugging her shoulders.
 
  “Its my first time in the finals,” she said to the gathered reporters in the practice arena. She was dressed in a practice jersey — a white sweater with a faded picture of a pair of Crocs that said Put Them In Sport Mode, “so I dont have a lot of room for Terri Landsman in my mind.”
 
  The Sumprats were talking to media — everyone on the team, more or less, had a microphone shoved in their face, or a cell phone camera. The only one who seemed to have escape was Sevika, who had shoved Viktor forwards and kept walking down the tunnel when they attempted to ambush her. Caitlyn had caught Vis jealous stare — Vi had been promised home made pizza once theyd gotten home, and she was always ravenous after a game.
 
  “Does Landsman being on the other team give you extra motivation to beat them?”
 
  “Its the finals,” Caitlyn replied, “if you need extra motivation, theres something wrong there.”
  
  Game 2 was just as decisively in Zauns favour, but Lucian started pulling out other tricks. He ran a lineup of four forwards and one defender to spark some more speedy passing, shuttled in a brawler to try and create a penalty on the other team by provoking Mylo into action, but Mylo was quiet and focused, jawing back when chirped at, but otherwise quiet. He did his job, hit Ahri with passes that were crisp and clean, but otherwise kept looking white—faced, gripping his stick a little too hard.
 
  Lucian keyed in on him as a defensive liability, and suddenly the Lone Stars were attacking his side of the ice every time he stepped on it, trying to generate something. Sevika adjusted after a shift by pairing him with Illaoi, so that every time he was on the ice, Illaoi was, too — shoring up that side defensively.
 
  The Lone Stars would beat Mylo, and Illaoi would be there waiting for them, bright eyed and eager.
 
  Ahri shone in game 2, poking the puck away from Akali in the neutral zone and turning it into a big unassisted goal. The two women didnt look at one another, kept focusing on their individual game, the puck in front of them. Akali was devastating and quick, but Ahri challenged her on every play she started, made her work for every inch on defence and badgered her every stride on offence. The push—pull nature of it had the Sumprats roaring excitedly whenever Ahri would bump Akali in the corner or Akali would get the best of a draw, the one—on—one hockey thrilling.
 
  Adler, on the other hand, was finding her sea legs in the finals, pushing the action and looking dangerous on the ice. So dangerous, in fact, that Vi paid her the highest compliment she could, and knocked her on her ass whenever she touched the puck. Adler kept grunting in frustration as she rolled and got to her feet, but she never lost focus, never stopped trying.
 
  It reminded Caitlyn of someone she knew when she looked in the mirror ten years ago. Reminded her so much that she skated close to Shani Adler during a commercial timeout and nudged her elbow.
 
  “It means youre dangerous,” Caitlyn said, nodding at Vi, “when she does that.”
 
  Adler was wide eyed, speechless for a few moments, before her jaw worked lightly, her voice high, clear, and stuttering.
 
  “Th—thanks. Im new to it.”
 
  Caitlyn laughed. “You do get used to it. Trust me.”
 
  Shani frowned at the implication, flushed a little deeper, and nodded rapidly before changing course and heading towards the bench.
 
  The score of Game 2 was sitting at 5—2 for the Sumprats, with Akali and Adler bagging a goal apiece, both assisted by Davidson who was impossible to knock off the puck. Poppy was taking it personally, trying harder and harder to blast him off of his skates, but so far it wasnt bearing fruit.
 
  “
  
    Im
  
   the person whos hardest to knock off the puck,” Poppy said, annoyed, “hes taking 
  
    my
  
   job.”
 
  “Youre still number one,” assured Thresh, “but challengers mean the crown doesnt sit long, you know?”
 
  The Sumprats had a scare late in the third when Ekko stretched out for a pad save and grunted, spinning in his crease and clutching at his inner thigh. Graves came in for him, stretched on the ice — complaining under his breath the entire time — while Ekko was examined by a trainer and the Sumprats crowd held their breath.
 
  “Just a strained muscle,” Morris — the Sumprats trainer — said, poking his curly head out of the tunnel. Morris was dark skinned and green eyed, looked handsome enough for movie posters, did a little modelling in college. Caitlyn liked him — she especially liked how gentle he was with criticism and how firm he was on body science.
 
  “Hell be okay for Game 3?” Sevika asked, concerned.
 
  “Id have him questionable. I want to see it in the morning.”
 
  Graves finished out the last four minutes of the third, and he did so with an agenda. When Landsman hit the ice in garbage time, the game all but over, she set up in front of him to screen him, putting her big body to work.
 
  Graves held his stick in his armpit, tickled her earlobe.
 
  “Hey, Landsman,” he said.
 
  Landsman swatted at his wrist, and he tickled her again.
 
  “Landsman,” he repeated.
 
  “Fuck off,” she muttered.
 
  The tickle came again. “Landsmaaaaan.”
 
  Terri didnt reply, swatting at his wrist again.
 
  Graves then stuck his finger in her ear, causing her to squawk and turn to whack at him with an elbow, sending him against the crossbar. He responded by taking his stick and shoving her with it, sending her out of his crease as he rose to his full height as the whistle blew.
 
  She turned towards him and he skated close, right in her face, saying nothing for a moment until the ref announced the penalty on Landsman — two for goalie interference.
 
  He then grinned wide.
 
  “You stupid motherfucker,” he said, as she glared and skated towards the box, shaking her head.
  
  “You know, I was made to be the fucking villain. Thats what will always piss me off. I was made to be the fucking villain in all of this when — you know, it takes two to tango. You can make up any shit in video, now — they can do shit thatll blow your mind. I was set up by the league because I told the truth — I said it then, and Ill say it now. Theyre all fucking cowards and they didnt want their golden girl to have the shine taken off of her, so they lift her up and dropped me on my ass. I wont even get to play after all of this shit — all this, whatever, bullshit. Abuse. Im an abuser? Ask anyone. Ask Doug Danforth how many people I abused, ask Shannon Willis or Bradly Quincy, who ran the Sumprats for years. Theyll tell you. Theyll fucking tell you that I never abused nobody. Bullshit. Fuck Caitlyn Kiramman, fuck the Sumprats — it was a fucking witch hunt.”
 
  The audio was accompanying an angrily walking Terri Landsman, pointing the camera up at her face and posted to twitter, a hotel room light fixtures passing her by as she stomped. She looks haggard, a little tired, the video clearly taken from sometime after Game 2. The framing is terrible, her forehead mostly in the shot as opposed to her face.
 
  Another clip plays just after that one, with Ahri in the bottom right corner of Terri Landsmans footage. As soon as she starts talking, Ahri makes a long, wet, fart noise that mutes out the entire audio, and holds it for the entire time that Landsman is speaking. When Landsmans clip ends, Ahri rolls her eyes.
 
  “Dont feed the troll,” she advises, and then her clip, too, ends with the tik—tok logo.
  
  
    Crack.
  
 
  A water bottle slowly collapsed inwards, held in a dark skinned fist, the crinkling of plastic erupting from where manicured digits held tightly. Water sloshed out of it, squirting upwards in a fountain of bent light, separating in globs in the slow motion, looking more like floating orbs than a stream of liquid. The bottle continues twisting and crunching until it is twisted tightly in the middle, and is suddenly dropped.
 
  Gold painted fingernails, now wet with water, are a blur of motion as a gold dress flutters in front of the lens, moving as if the wearer is running, leaving the background blurry and dark. The last frame catches the sight of a cell phone, the contact name is censored.
 
  The camera auto—focuses on a Piltover Lone Stars logo — the away team tunnel.
  
  “Ekkos down for game 3 for sure,” Sevika says, chomping her gum. Her and Viktor are in a hotel room in Piltover, staring at the white board, Ekko crossed out and Graves written above his name.
 
  “Graves might steal us one,” Viktor supplies.
 
  Sevika glances at the camera as the operator seems to say something, pauses. She looks like she wants to snap something before exhaling, closing her eyes, resetting her mood, and opening them again.
 
  “I can explain the logic, yes,” Sevika says, “the series is a best of seven, meaning we need 4 wins. Were in the drivers seat right now, and my tendies injured, so I can afford to sacrifice Game 3 — Id rather Ekko sit while questionable to recover enough and be 100% for Games 4 and 5.”
 
  “And thats if we lose,” Viktor points out. “Graves is an incredibly competent goaltender — its not like were throwing a baby in there.”
 
  “The Lone Stars will be fired up by their home crowd, who are apparently taking it personally that the Sumprats crowd was so rowdy and are selling buckets of tickets to get fans in seats. I also dont think that Lucian is done throwing the kitchen sink at us — he needs a win to turn this series around.”
 
  Another statement from behind the camera, and Sevika actually smiles for a brief moment before scowling again, her gum being worked rapidly.
 
  “Yeah,” she says, “yeah thats a fair point. But Ekko wants to play — Ashe wanted to play when she went down last round, too. But Ashe isnt 100% — her hip is still bugging her — and Im trying to be as healthy as possible in case this series goes down to the wire.”
 
  The footage cuts to Ekko, working tennis balls against a wall, his wrists a blur of movement as the green becomes a solid green line.
 
  “I didnt work this hard to get benched,” Ekkos voice says softly over the footage, “I didnt work this hard to not have a chance. I feel robbed.”
 
  Ekko comes into frame, sitting on his bedside.
 
  “I know what the logic is. I dont fucking care about the logic. Its the cup finals — let me play, you know? I dont want to leave my teammates out there drying. Let me play.”
 
  Graves, grunting through a stretching routine, spreading his legs out on the ice as he rotates his hips, his joints creaking and cracking as he presses himself flat, pushes upwards so that his spine is bent. Sumprats fly around him, taking potshots over his head with pucks as the warm up lights are up in the Lone Stars stadium. He straightens, shaking his legs out, as Caitlyn comes up besides him to whack his post with her stick, remembering the old routine.
 
  “Gonna learn today,” Graves calls to her through his sweater mic, “why Dinosaurs were apex predators.”
 
  Caitlyn laughs as she skates away, and Graves grins after her.
 
  “Okay, Gravesy,” he mutters under his breath, “dont get excited. Just your last game of hockey is all. Dont cry in front of these people — theyre Piltover natives, they probably cry diamonds and you dont wanna look poor. A is for Asshole, B is for Bitch, C is for C—Landsman, D is for Dickhead, E is for — you always do this, Graves, you fucker. You always forget E.”
 
  The camera shifts behind Graves, number 77 on his jersey, GRAVES printed across his back. It shifts slightly to the left, to show a man in a black hat with a trimmed beard, bouncing a baby girl on his knee. Graves turns in his crease to wave his trapper hand at the baby, and the man in the hat lifts his knee and looks towards the little girl, pressing his cheek to her head to wave back at Graves, showing her how. The girl opens and closes her fist, looking anywhere but at Graves, wide eyed, a pacifier in her mouth.
 
  “Hi baby,” Graves says through his mic, “hi Tobias. Oh god, oh god, okay.”
 
  Graves voice becomes slightly choked up as he flexes his skates, starts working them across his crease, clearing it of any ice debris.
 
  “Oh god, okay. Okay. Last game in the RHL. Lets make it a win, huh, Gravesy? Lets make it a win for Tobias and Michelle. Okay.”
  
  Game 3 kicked off with a high wrist shot by Ashe that just squirted too high, missing Jaxs glove by scant inches and the crossbar by an inch more. Akali scooped the rebound and pushed the action up ice, finding Adler on the wing as she streaked towards the Sumprats net, her jets kicking on as Caitlyn raced to meet her.
 
  The rookie made a sloppy deke that Caitlyn managed to get a piece of, and Adler rallied to get the puck to Davidson, who gathered, wound up, and shot on goal. Graves turned it away like he was flicking away a fly with his blocker, following the pucks movement to control the rebound. Akali caught up with the play to give the puck another hard snapshot, but Illaoi blocked it with her shin, the puck bouncing out and rolling past the blue line as the Sumprats moved to counter attack.
 
  In their barn, the Lone Stars played with a lot more confidence, the dull roar of the Last Drop absent from their playcalling. Lucian could be heard constantly barking adjustments, calling names out as Akali directed the offence, a flowing animal. The Lone Stars were characterised as chaotic but shaped into something resembling a system, and for that reason they were tough to predict.
 
  Caitlyn took the puck on the blue line and had to get rid of it quickly as Davidson bore down on her, a quick shot on goal that got lost in traffic. Vi battled for it amidst three bodies as Diana hovered near her for the support, Vi getting jostled and banged about by the Lone Stars D. Eventually, Vi got her stick on it, slid it to Diana who chipped it towards Jax, barely clunking off of his stick and wide of the goal.
 
  Every time the Sumprats missed, the Lone Stars capitalised and counter—punched, and this was no different. With Davidsons stubborn ability to keep on the puck and Adlers speed in the open ice, Akali became more of a facilitator than she had been. She no longer took the puck out herself, but diced the defence up with quick passes and freed herself up as a result. If Adler had space, Akali would find her streaking for the net — if Adler was covered, Davidson got the puck and lumbered it up the zone, braced for hits, jaw jumping with determination.
 
  The Sumprats had never seen Akali like this — she was a goal scorer, a high—flying athlete who excelled in getting bags of goals. Vi switched from covering her to covering Adler, forcing the puck to Davidson again and again as the two rookies started to settle, get more comfortable.
 
  It was then that the Sumprats discovered that on home ice, Davidson had a 
  
    cannon
  
  .
 
  The first shot slammed home and Graves knocked it away with his pads, but the second had some mustard on it, and pinged off of the crossbar so hard that the entire net vibrated. Caitlyn watched Davidsons form and saw it was sloppy, all arms — he didnt rotate his body through the shot and just forced it with his biceps. It wasnt well aimed, but it was the beginning of something absolutely fantastic — if he had the right teacher.
 
  When Caitlyn was on the ice next, she caught a pass meant for Adler and decided to test her wheels herself, suddenly erupting in a burst of speed and forcing the rookie to chase her. Caitlyn controlled the puck through the neutral zone, blasted past a Lone Stars defender, and faked the pass to Vi before gathering it and firing it towards the top corner of Jaxs goal. Jax lunged for it, but it came too late, the webbing already vibrating with the puck as the Sumprats finally broke the scoring drought.
 
  Adler was a second slow, muttered 
  
    fuck
  
   under her breath as she rounded the net. She was surprised when she looked in the stands and saw a group of black and red jerseys — Sumprats fans that had made the drive, and were screaming loud enough to fill their section with glares. Caitlyn pointed her stick at them and they began to cheer louder, only slightly embarrassed to see that her parents were with them — in the centre, shaking each other and jumping up and down. 
 
  Adler answered her back five minutes later with a one—timer that snuck past Graves trapper on the low side, the first of nine shots that had gone in. The Piltover goal horn was a rising train whistle and Adler pumped her fist, hugged Akali and Davidson as the home crowd roared its approval. Vi tapped Graves skate as she went around him, and his helmet moved as he talked to himself, a slow and steady movement.
  
  “Enchiladas on Wednesday, I think,” Graves says, as the goal horn is screaming in the background, his voice clipped and angry, “Tobias loves him some fuckin Enchiladas. Also, that rookie winds up too quick — I gotta cut her off better. Youre a standup goalie in a butterfly league, Gravesy — no wonder this is your last game. Lets cut them off now — cant let the Boy Savior be stuck with a loss to make up. On Thursday we can have tacos — is that too much hand food? Is there such a thing? Maybe move the chicken fingers to next week — Id rather have tacos than chicken fingers.”
  
  The first period ended on a sequence that had the crowd on its feet, voices rising in excitement as the Sumprats and Lone Stars went shot for shot — chance after chance at either end. Both goalies seemed to tense up, Jax batting away shots with his stick and Graves flashing the pads and the blocker, refusing to give an inch. Both teams marched to their locker rooms frustrated as the clamps got put on them.
 
  In the second, things continued with much the same clip — Graves and Jax playing out of their minds, Akali facilitating the offence, Caitlyn facilitating hers. Vi stuck to Adler a little closer, trying to knock her off her game, but Davidsons cannon was getting warmed up and he started letting it sing as the period wore on.
 
  Illaoi hit Davidson as he made his way past the blue line, and he kept his feet, stubbornly refusing to cough up the puck as he worked it down low and fired a shot that sounded like a gun going off.
 
  At first, nobody knew what happened — just that Graves was suddenly on his back. Watching back showed that Davidsons shot rose up, slamming into Graves helmet and sending him backwards on his skates, stick sailing to his left side. He shifted around to recover as the rebound dropped to Akali, who slapped at it — blocked by a diving Vi. Akali grabbed the puck again and zipped it to Adler, who, now uncovered, had the entire net to work with.
 
  Her shot was true, and as it sailed home, Graves dove out, trapper extended, and caught it with the tip of his glove and slapped it on the ground, covering up for the whistle.
 
  The Sumprats exhaled at the close call, and not for the first time, Caitlyn wondered what was going through Graves head.
  
  “Be a siiimpleeee,” Graves sings under his breath, “kind of ma—a—aaan. Be someone that you loooove and understaaaaaand.”
 
  He sticks his trapper out for the ref to take the puck, nodding at him without stopping his singing.
 
  “Baby be a siiiimpleeeee kind of ma—a—aaan. Oh wont you do this, oh my son, if you can.”
 
  He bends over in his stand—up stance, skates a little closer to the faceoff circle in his zone, taps his pads — one at a time — with the stick that was returned to him by Leona.
 
  “Lynyrd Skynyrd,” he mutters, “what a banger.”
 
  The puck drops, and he tracks it with quick movements.
  
  Back and forth the game went, with both teams battling, teeth clenched, for control. Akali kept the puck flowing, kept it moving through the second period — unable to bring her goal scoring to bear but keeping her teammates active and the action moving. It would be an unbeatable strategy if Adler and Davidson were better shooters, but as it stood they were getting beaten by a red—hot Graves between the pipes.
 
  At the last few minutes of the second period, Ashe had to extend her legs out to chase down a pass and winced, doubled over clutching at her hip as she wobbled back to the bench to be examined, and didnt return for the rest of the game. Ahri got bumped up to the HGS line, keeping Poppy, Mylo, and Riven together for the second line.
 
  When Ahri took the ice beside Caitlyn and Vi, she nodded curtly at them — no joking, no banter, her face serious as she watched Akali, watched Adler and Davidson.
 
  As the puck was won back by Akali to her defence, Ahri leapt forwards, blocking the passing lane to Akali with her stick, forcing the defender to pass it to his pairing. Vi leapt up to block his passing lane, too, the forechecking forcing them to tap it back and forth for a bit until they pushed the action up the ice themselves. The defenseman tried, but was slow, had a bad handle, and Vi pounced.
 
  She freed up the puck with a quick jab with her stick, worked around him, and blasted a slapshot past a surprised Jax for the 2—1 goal, and the Sumprats had the lead again.
 
  The strategy was a risky one — if Vi and Ahri didnt cover the defenders well enough, they were going to get caught out on an odd—man rush as soon as one of them could pass. Akali, meanwhile, seemed a little frustrated with her inaction, and took the next faceoff with a vigor and annoyance that spelled out disaster — she chipped the puck ahead, deked around Thresh, and took the puck herself into the offensive zone.
 
  Leona and Claggor collapsed on her to try and take it away, but she flipped the puck up, split between the two of them, and clacked her stick on it out of the air like a baseball — a move reminiscent of what Caitlyn did to her — and watched as it sailed past Graves and into the back of the net. As the crowd roared, Akali lifted her arms for the celebration, grinning slightly, the serious bend to her brows still there as she looked up at the scoreboard.
 
  Tie game, with less than a minute to play in the second.
  
  “Okay,” Graves admits, whacking the puck out of his net, “that was pretty nasty. Nasty shot.”
  
  In the third, the Sumprats attacked more, tried to bust the game open. Jax was laser focused, his blue and purple mask glimmering under the lights as he turned away puck after puck — forced the Sumprats back, and back, and back, again and again and again. The helpless feeling of a hot goalie settled into their shoulders as they took more and more desperate shots, trying something — anything to get past him.
 
  On the other end, Graves wasnt a slouch — hauling himself across the crease to turn away shot after shot, facing Davidsons cannon and Adlers tricky wrister with zero fear. Akali started getting more and more involved, trying to break the stalemate, and as she worked her way more and more into the scoring action the Sumprats leaned closer and closer, eager to try and catch her on a misstep or a fumble.
 
  There was none.
 
  Caitlyn had seen very few perfect games in her career — games where another skater levitated off of the ice, almost a higher being. There were games where she or another skater had come close, where they were so unstoppable that it just defied whatever the other team threw at them, but only a handful of times, shed witnessed someone who felt like they were playing a different sport, a different league.
 
  Akali never spoke to a teammate or an opponent, just made vague gestures, like she was conserving energy — energy only for hockey.
 
  It was a foregone conclusion, then, when Akali scored with 11 seconds left on the clock, a tip—in off of a series of amazing saves by Graves where he had no chance to recover.
 
  The Sumprats tried to push the action, tried to knot it up at 3, but Akali was everywhere, batting sticks, forcing the puck away, and stick handled it behind her net for the final second, ending the game and taking a game away from a Sumprats squad that was supposed to be her superior.
 
  It was only when the final goal horn sounded that Akali gasped for breath, squatted down with her elbows on her knees, and pressed shaking hands to her mouth as her team came around her in a massive pile of hugs.
  
  “Graves, you had 45 saves in this tilt — how did it feel playing in a Finals game at this phase of your career?”
 
  “You mean as an old man?” Graves asks, to a chorus of chuckles, “I mean, it was fun, right? We had fun out there. You know, there always comes a time — Im told, anyways — where were told to hang it up. Told by our bodies and our spouses and our teammates, in some cases.”
 
  Graves remains at the microphone as a head pops up from behind the table — his daughter Michelles wide eyes as she climbs into his lap, looking around the room as Graves smiles down at her.
 
  “Im just — thankful to the kid for getting himself dinged up, to give me one last shot out there. I wish I couldve come away with the win, but thats life — you can only be proud of how hard you worked for it.”
 
  “Graves,” another reporter asks, “it sounds like youre retiring.”
 
  “It does, doesnt it,” Graves muses, bouncing Michelle on his lap as she looks up at him, reaches up and presses a small hand to his face. He leans forwards to allow her to grip at his sideburns, grinning at her.
 
  “Im not making any announcements until after the finals,” he continues, “well see how it goes. But Im closer to my last game than my first.”
  
  
    Crack.
  
 
  Gum, rolling around a mouth, began to roll free — well chewed, the indents of molars pressed deep into its white, matte surface. It cleared a row of teeth, cleared gaping lips, and fell — slowly rotating as it disappeared behind a solid red line of the boards below an away team bench, a scarred lip opening wide in a furious scream. A big body came into frame, being boosted upwards with a foot on the boards as a blurry figure — dark skinned, stubby ponytail — hangs over the boards to stare at something on the ice, fists gripping the boards in a white—knuckled fury.
 
  All along the boards, gloves — black and red — push against it, as a bench full of players jolt to their feet, all their bodies tilted in a single direction. A trousered leg rose suddenly, a sneaker on the boards as a figure launched themselves onto the ice, landed awkwardly on bad knees, and walked slowly, carefully, out of frame.
  
  “RHL Cup Finals action here in Sunny Piltover. Im Marv Alliston and with me as always is Danielle Bergman as we get set for Game 4 — the Sumprats holding onto a 2—1 series lead. Danielle, whats the story of the game so far for you?”
 
  “This late in the season, Marv, its injuries, injuries, injuries. The Sumprats are missing a key component of their lineup with Ashe Arrow absent — was listed as questionable before the game until coach Sevika made the call earlier this afternoon to have her sitting, which seems to me to be a safety measure — you never know with RHL hockey how long a series is going to be.”
 
  “Thats right — shes out with a hip injury that she sustained last round against the Demacia Knights that knocked her out for a game — hopefully she can return fully healed.”
 
  “But the Sumprats are glad to see Ekko Sumpsnipe between the pipes — hes skating and looking good. On the Lone Stars end, theres definitely some exhaustion after that thrilling Game 3, Marv — the Lone Stars really put on a defensive show.”
 
  “Especially the woman on your screen right now, and part of our VoidPad Matchup of the Night. VoidPad: It Just Works.”
 
  “Our Matchup of the series, more like, Marv — Akali was transcendent two nights ago but the Lone Stars might need a lot from her for the next few games if theyre going to win three of the next four — especially with two of those games being in enemy territory. On the other end of our Matchup, Vi Wicketts job has been to shut Akalis production down — she accomplished that in Games 1 and 2, but in Game 3 Akali was able to break free — tonight look for her to try to put the clamps back on.”
 
  “As the teams warm up well go to a brief word from our sponsors — more RHL action, right after this.”
  
  The problem with perfect games is that they were rare. The Lone Stars needed every piece of Jaxs performance and Akalis in order to stop the Sumprats, and the Sumprats set out to prove it in the fourth game, a determination settling into all of their features.
 
  When the Sumprats took the ice for the opening faceoff, Thresh was on the wing in place of Ashe — Ahri moved back to her own line. The defensive forward kept his eyes locked solely on Adler and Davidson, shifting his gaze between them in shifts, quiet and looming.
 
  When the puck was won backwards, Akali drifted back with it, and Vi drifted with her. Adler moved to get free, and Thresh followed. As soon as Akali had the puck, Thresh was cutting off her passing lane, forcing Akali to make a quick decision — zipping it to Davidson.
 
  Vi leapt on it, batting the puck on the boards to take control of it and flipped the puck behind her to a streaking Diana, who broke the blue line with a full head of steam. She scored off of a backhand move that hit the post and in, and suddenly the Lone Stars were on the backfoot.
 
  Vi had come up with the strategy — stop trying to shut down Akali at the outset, instead take away one of her options, force her to choose the other, make her easier to predict.
 
  It worked again when Thresh covered Davidson and Leona stepped up as the puck found Adler and buried her shoulder into the rookie, the loose puck scooped up by Caitlyn. Vi buried a one—timer in the top corner to make it 2—0, and Akali was immediately skating to Lucian, the two of them having a brief and heated discussion as Vi twirled her stick and skated to her bench to tap gloves, her smile wide, a wink aimed in Caitlyns direction that made Caitlyn feel warm and weak.
 
  After the back to back turnovers, the Lone Stars settled into their old style of playing — quick passes and quicker skates, trying to chip the defense away with speed. But Riven and Caitlyn were on the other squad, and so, amazingly, was Vi.
 
  Caitlyn had seen very few perfect games in her career, but shed even rarely seen two back to back. This time, it was Vis turn.
 
  This time, it was Vi levitating off the ice, her skates biting into it, causing her to carve into it and race along the boards, her strides smooth and fast. This time, it was Vi getting rid of the puck as soon as she had it in bite—sized passes, reminiscent of Caitlyns game — her head constantly up, constantly reading the ice.
 
  This time, it was Vi who was all over Akali when she started taking the puck in herself instead of passing it, jostling her, knocking her stick out of the way, picking her pocket. The two titans clashed, but Akali was clearly gassed from the game two days ago and Vi was revved up, bright eyed, eager to prove that she was dominant.
 
  The Sumprats all followed her example — from Ekko down to Mylo, they fed off of her energy, pushed themselves forwards. They hit harder, skated faster, passed quicker — they were just better.
 
  The Sumprats led 3 goals to 0 into the third period, the crowd in Piltover growing more and more discontent. Akali was thwarted, Adler looked a little lost, too green for the moment. Davidson was the only one playing unchanged, and Poppy solved that herself when she absolutely laid out for a massive, jaw dropping hit on him that finally — finally — knocked him over and sent the puck skittering away.
 
  “Fuck yeah,” Poppy exhaled, scrabbling to get to her feet—  Davidson popping up behind her to shake it off. Caitlyn got the puck to the yordle as they raced up ice for another attack.
 
  The Lone Stars kept them at bay, but they felt like they were holding on to the game by their fingernails, three goals not insurmountable, but a large lead. When the Sumprats bagged their fourth goal in the early third period, it still wasnt panic time — four goal comebacks happened — rarely, but they did. Five was the magic number — scoring five goals really put the game on the high shelf where the other team couldnt get it. Five was the signal for garbage time.
 
  Lucian seemed to throw in the towel, then, when he let Landsman hit the ice late in the third, the score 4—0 for the Sumprats with three minutes remaining in the game. She was immediately outclassed, outgunned by the Sumprats who were tougher, stronger, faster.
 
  Vi got a pass from Caitlyns stick on the blue line, turned up ice to dash forwards, and Landsman barelled towards her, stick extended for the poke check. Like she was playing with a fifth grader, Vi easily deked by it, left Landsman in her dust as she turned on the jets, gathered the puck, and saw Jax crouch low.
 
  Five was the magic number to take a 3—1 series lead, and Vi felt her heart sing as she buried the puck in the net. Her first finals, one game away.
 
  One win away.
 
  Vi rounded the net, the goal light on behind her, arms spread wide as the crowd in Piltover was hushed and quiet,  grumbling. With that goal, the hopes of making a comeback and tying the series at 2 were effectively dashed, and their dreams of a storybook RHL cup win were scattered. Vi watched Caitlyn grin, relaxed, happy, as she slowed to a coast to spread her arms for the celebration. Caitlyn grinned back, starting skating towards her, her arms also open.
 
  Froze, as she saw Landsman skidding in from the side, trying to stop.
 
  Time slowed to a crawl, as a camera slowly fell earthwards, a water bottle was crushed in a fist, Sevikas gum slowly rolled out of her mouth. Vi didnt see Landsman extend her knee, lower her body, trying to stop with as much force as she could, but her aim was plain in that moment — her right knee aimed right for Vis left knee, her bad knee, the knee shed had multiple surgeries on.
 
  They would collide in the worst possible place for Vi, the best possible place for Landsman — Landsman extended her knee forwards to hit Vi in the side of hers, colliding with her kneecap to jerk it sharply to the right side, towards the inside of her thigh. She would crash to her knees after making contact, skidding in a half—circle to collide with the boards. Vis entire body would twist in reaction inwards, her left leg bent at an awkward angle as shed hit the ice, roll to her back, her jersey would be frosted over with ice, her face bright red.
 
  She knew all of this because shed watch the tape, later. Shed watch it several times.
 
  But in the moment, the only thing in her world was the  fire engulfing her leg. She tried to bring it to her chest, hug it close, but it wouldnt obey her. All she could think, could feel, was 
  
    no.
  
 
  All she could feel was 
  
    not again
  
  .
 
  All she could do was scream.
 
  All she could hear was
 
  
    Crack.
  




  
  Around Caitlyn, buzzing like flies, were the sounds of her teammates voices, barking and arguing, Claggor struggling to calm down Riven and Ahri as they yelled at one another, passions rising. Ekko sat with his head hung low, fingers laced and white—knuckled as Graves sat beside him, arm on his shoulder, talking to him in a low voice. Poppy watched her teammates, a worried expression on her face as she kept trying to interject, Thresh sitting silently, staring blankly ahead, hands gripping his stick.
 
  Caitlyn watched them, one by one, feeling like she was behind a pane of glass. Behind and to her right, Vis locker sat with her sweater — number 6 — sitting pristine, untouched. Caitlyn looked at it, touched the material as her teammates raised voices began to blur in her mind, disappearing, fading into the background as her thumb and forefinger rubbed into the material of Vis sweater, red and black, even now bringing her a modicum of comfort, an easing of breath.
 
  There was a thumping in her blood as a sound pierced her mental fog, her mouth still tasting blood, the red stains on her sweater slightly darker than the black and crimson of the Sumprats logo, dotting the brown of Grapes fur. She looked up as the sound became a dull roar, a thousand voices — tens of thousands of voices.
 
  She looked at her arguing teammates, looked at the splintering of the Sumprats, and slowly, carefully, got to her feet.
 


  Run at the Cup.



  Round Four: Stay on the Ice



  
    “Is it worth it to be immortal?” — Caitlyn Kiramman
  




 
  “Wickett — makes a move and 
  
    scores! 
  
  Vi Wickett with another— OH MY GOD.”
 
  “Oh—”
 
  “That— Landsman has collided with Wickett, and she is down and she is in pain.”
 
  “It was knee on knee contact, Marv!”
 
  “An after the goal collision — well be seeing a trainer in here shortly, no doubt.”
  
  As soon as she saw Landsman, Caitlyn was tearing up the ice, fists pumping as fast as shed ever skated. Landsman was on her knees near the boards and she hopped to her feet, skated a little closer to Vi, ostensibly to check on her but more likely to spit venom in her ear, and Caitlyn moved, flowed, the instinct to 
  
    get to Vi
  
   ruling her as her shoulder lowered.
 
  Caitlyn hit the Lone Star on her way to Vi, sending Landsman twirling away from Vi and crashing back to the boards. Caitlyn didnt spare her a glance — her face lit with concern as she unsnapped Vis helmet and pulled it off of her to cradle her head.
 
  “Vi, Vi Im here,” Caitlyn said, bent over her to look at her eyes. Vis eyes were wild and searching as footsteps approached, a steady thump of a case full of medical equipment as Morris jogged onto the ice in their anti—slip shoes, skidding to their knees on Vis other side.
 
  “Keep her head up,” Morris said as he bent low, so that his face was near Vis. “Hey, Wickett, its Morris. Where does it hurt?”
 
  “Knee,” Vi grit out, gasping now — no longer screaming.
 
  Morris nodded, looked at the leg, hid his wince well as his partner knelt near it, took a flashlight out, examined it. Morris tapped the mic at his wrist and spoke quick words:
 
  “Well need a stretcher, get the ambo fired up. Vi? Were going to go for a ride, okay? Get you checked out.”
 
  Vis hand lashed out, gripped Caitlyns wrist, and Caitlyn rotated her arm so they were holding hands as Vi nodded rapidly, teeth grit, breath shallow. She only had eyes for Caitlyn, roving over Caitlyns face as Caitlyn tried to smile softly — her eyes burning, vision swimming and blurry.
 
  “Im sorry,” Caitlyn said, breath hitching, “Im so sorry.”
 
  Vi winced, grimaced, and bit out, “worth it.”
 
  “Im sorry,” Caitlyn repeated, as Vi was transferred to a stretcher. Morris touched the gloves that the two women were clutching, looked between them.
 
  “Vi, were going to need you to let go—”
 
  “Im coming,” Caitlyn said immediately, and Vi nodded, squeezed harder.
 
  “Okay,” Morris said, glancing up at Sevika — currently standing on the ice, her knuckles white as she slowly turned towards Lucian, her eyebrows drawn tight.
 
  Vi was lifted, walked on the ice towards the tunnel to the thunderous and relieved applause from the Piltover fans. Caitlyn saw Claggor being restrained by Leona, Illaoi, and Mylo as Landsman kept her distance, warily watching the Sumprats enforcer, and she felt a hatred that shed never known — a hatred that burned so deep, so strongly, that it surprised her.
 
  If Caitlyn had a gun at that moment, she wouldnt have hesitated.
 
  Instead, she focused on what mattered.
 
  She focused on Vi, and holding her hand down that tunnel, into the ambulance. She held it all the way through the ride, through the emergency doors, all the way through triage and through Vi getting something for the pain.
 
  All the while, she could only say 
  
    Im sorry
  
   to the woman who had made herself into a target of her historys wrath.
 
  All the while, Vi watched her with pain in her eyes, love in her heart, and said 
  
    worth it.
  
  
  “The crowd giving Wickett the respect she deserves as shes carted off, and well get more information as we get it on her situation. The Sumprats are still leading 5 goals to 0, and this game is about over.”
 
  “You hate to see it, Marv, especially in garbage time of a game 4.”
 
  “Meanwhile, the Sumprats are… in my mind justifiably upset about the collision.”
 
  “Justified is right, Marv — that was a knee on knee collision after a goal scored. “
 
  “No signal for a penalty has been seen, and the two coaches look like theyre having words.”
  
  “What a fucking,” Lucian muttered, spiking his clipboard onto the floor of the bench with a loud, brittle clatter as it shattered against the floor. The players jumped, didnt look back — too focused on the tunnel where Vi was being carted off, stick tapping for her as they murmured hopeful sentiments of a swift recovery.
 
  Akali skated over to Lucian as he leaned close.
 
  “Cheap shot,” she said, and Lucian exhaled.
 
  “I know. Ill deal with it.”
 
  “Better,” Akali said, skating away as Sevika walked towards the bench.
 
  “Coach,” Lucian said, stepping to the corner of the bench, waving her forwards to talk privately.
 
  “Talk fast,” Sevika said, deadly calm, jaw jumping — looking unnatural without the gum constantly working her molars, “convince me you had no part in this.”
 
  Lucian reeled back, offended for a moment, before considering how hed feel, seeing his captain play the game of her life and being laid out by a knee on knee, and nodding once. “Im leaving her in.”
 
  Sevika frowned, raised both eyebrows. They both knew what it meant when a player did something the other team thought was dirty — as a coach, it meant you pulled the player, sat them on the bench so no further harm could come to them. It was a protective measure, a guarantee that theyd be safe.
 
  “For the record,” Lucian said, “nobody on this bench condones that. We just want to play hockey, Coach. If it were up to me shed never be mentioned again.”
 
  “Youre leaving her in?” Sevika repeated.
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  “You know what that means?”
 
  Lucian nodded.
 
  “Good enough, Coach,” Sevika said, rapping her knuckles on the boards as she nodded to Viktor to open the door for her and she stepped back onto her own bench. She didnt crack new gum and pop it into her mouth — a sign that Lucian thought was ominous.
 
  As Lucian walked behind his players, he signalled to Akali to skate up.
 
  “Dealt with,” he said, looking at the scoreboard.
 
  “I dont want to win this way, Coach,” Akali said.
 
  “Weve fought hard, too,” Lucian replied, glancing back down at Akali, “I agree its shitty, but.”
 
  Akali glanced down the bench, at the young and hopefuls, at those who hadnt even been on a hockey team two months ago and were now dazzled by the lights of the RHL finals.
 
  “Okay,” Akali said, shrugging, “well keep battling.”
 
  “Thats all Ill ever ask,” Lucian said, stepping back to reach down and snag a few pieces of his shattered clipboard. Landsman skated towards the bench, clearly looking to hop through the door, and Lucian dropped the pieces of the clipboard to hop forwards and flag her down.
 
  “Youre staying in,” he said, and he was proud of himself for not tacking on a 
  
    you dirty motherfucker.
  
  
  “Im sorry, Miss Kiramman,” the nurse was saying, “but its family only past this point.”
 
  When theyd taken Vi from triage to a room to await an opening for X—rays, theyd stopped Caitlyn from following — citing strict family only policies. The true shock of seeing Vi flopping on the ice and screaming was washing over Caitlyn in slow, rhythmic pulses, and she kept being swept away by it, drowned in it, fighting to the surface to say a few token protests before being washed back out.
 
  “Im — were teammates,” Caitlyn said, hands shaking lightly, her eyes darting wildly around the room. She couldnt stop it, she felt like her teeth were going to chatter out of her head, felt like her feet couldnt stop itching. She had taken her skates off, tied them around her neck by their laces, but was stuck in socked feet. Hadnt even brought her shoes.
 
  “I understand that,” the nurse said, gently, “and well take very good care of her — but we cant allow anyone other than family past—”
 
  “Hey,” Powder barked, lightly panting as she rushed forwards to hug Caitlyn, “is she okay?”
 
  Caitlyn gripped Powders shirt lightly, nodding. “Theyre taking her for X—rays soon, gave her something for the pain. But they wont let me—”
 
  Powder rolled her eyes, looked at the nurse. “Im Powder Lanes — Im the sister. This is Caitlyn Kiramman — thats her fiancee in there.”
 
  Caitlyn goggled at Powder as the nurse frowned. “Oh. Why didnt you say so? Shes in room fourteen.”
 
  “Thanks,” Powder said, grabbing Caitlyns sleeve and tugging her forwards.
 
  “You just lied to her,” Caitlyn said, and it sounded like a question as she let herself be tugged forwards.
 
  “Yup,” Powder confirmed, paused, “unless theres something youre both not telling me. You do like your secrets.”
 
  Caitlyn hesitated, unsure of her footing. This was the first significant time Powder and her had spent together — without a camera between them or Caitlyns history shadowing their conversation — and it was in the wake of a horrific looking injury.
 
  “I shouldve thought of that,” Caitlyn murmured.
 
  “I have practice. Knock knock, sis,” Powder said, and immediately winced at Vis leg — wrapped up and elevated with a brace on her calf and thigh.
 
  “Heyyyy,” Vi cooed, smiling stupidly, her grin goofy and lopsided. Caitlyn was struck for the need to kiss her. She was struck with the need to apologise again.
 
  “I found something that belongs to you,” Powder said, gesturing to Caitlyn.
 
  “Cupcake,” Vi said, and frowned, “did we win?”
 
  Caitlyn frowned, looked down at her hockey gear, exhaled lightly through her nose. “I assume so.”
  
  “And we might have even more spice here as Claggor Stoic is physically dragging his teammates across the ice in order to get at Terri Landsman.”
 
  “Fourteen years Ive covered the RHL, Marv — I have never seen Stoic this angry.”
 
  “Three Sumprats are hanging onto him like sacks of potatoes and hes still got momentum.”
 
  “Justifiably so — they just watched their captain take a knee on knee shot after the goal.”
  
  “What the fuck was that, Terri,” Claggor barked, face red, eyes bulging.
 
  “It was an accident—” Terri started.
 
  “Fuck you, I saw your knee up — you want to cheapshot our fucking captain?”
 
  “Claggor,” Mylo said, pressing in front of Claggors chest as Claggor struggled to get around him. Illaoi and Leona were holding either side of his jersey, gripping hard with gloved hands, trying to keep him at bay — still, powerful legs kept pumping as he fought, and fought hard, to get at the former Piltover Lone Stars captain.
 
  “Listen to your boy,” Terri said, smirking, but the distance between them was easily three metres, took all the bite out of her cocky tone.
 
  “Get the fuck over here,” Claggor snarled, “and Ill fucking turn you into a popsicle. You fuck with my captain?”
 
  “Claggor,” Mylo said again, shoving 
  
    hard
  
   against Claggors chest, trying to keep the enforcer from committing a murder.
 
  “Listen to your—”
 
  “Terri if you dont 
  
    shut the fuck up
  
  ,” Leona snapped, “Ill let him go.”
 
  “It was a fucking accident, Leona,” Terri said, “she didnt have her head up.”
 
  “Keep talking,” Claggor snarled, “keep fucking talking. Theyll need to wire your fucking jaw shut, you piece of shit. Ill make you swallow your fucking teeth.”
 
  Claggor managed to shrug off Illaoi with a violent jerk forwards, forcing her to grab onto his arm with both hands and dig in her skates. The pile of Sumprats began to drag, step by step, powered by Claggors fury.
 
  “You better walk in pairs to your fucking car, Landsman,” Claggor barked, “because — let me the fuck go, guys — because Im going to fucking come for you. You better check both shoulders when youre alone, you motherfucker. You take her out at her 
  
    knee
  
  ? Youre fucking 
  
    weak.
  
  ”
 
  “Shes the one lying down,” Landsman said.
 
  “Shes—” Claggor said, eyes bulging even wider, and suddenly Leona and Illaois grip was broken as Claggor gave two powerful jerks, bowled Mylo over as he skated right into Landsmans face, Mylo leaping back to his feet and rushing towards the pair.
 
  “Say it again,” Claggor said, low, dangerous, “Ive been waiting to tattoo your eyes for months. Say it one more fucking time.”
 
  “Youre full of shit,” Landsman said, but her tone was unsure as Mylo caught up to Claggor, gripped at his wrist.
 
  Claggor watched her, fists balled at his sides, and Mylo leapt up and whacked his glove into the side of Claggors helmet, forcing the bigger man to flinch back and look downwards as Mylo took the opportunity to shove Claggor against the boards, freeing Landsman up for her escape.
 
  “Fuck are you doing,” Claggor snarled, “let me—”
 
  “Series isnt over,” Mylo said softly.
 
  Claggor glared.
 
  “Clagg, series isnt over — we just lost Vi. Were going to need every D—man we got. We need you.”
 
  Claggor shook his head. “Fuck that. Some things are more important than a cup.”
 
  “Shes not worth it,” Mylo said, “and Vi deserves the cup. You get yourself kicked out — worse, banned — then shell never get it. You getting me?”
 
  Claggor exhaled, low and slow. He jerked his gaze to the ice, nodded in bad temper.
 
  Mylo clapped a hand on Claggors arm, released him, and skated back towards Terri, mind racing a mile a minute, scooping a stick — Caitlyns, he noticed idly — as he went. He got to 28 this season — two shy of the 30 goal target. Even without his 30 goals, the Sumprats probably would still resign him, unless he did something stupid.
 
  Something reckless.
 
  Mylos path had him gliding towards Landsman, who had finished her little lap of shame — no Lone Stars came near her, too focused on where Vi was carried off into the tunnel, Caitlyn and Powder flanking her — and he stopped right in front of her, looked up at her with raised eyebrows.
 
  “Glad you had him see reason,” Landsman said, “I was beginning to think he believed that it was a cheap shot.”
 
  “Claggors indispensable,” Mylo said, even handed, “he saw reason in that.”
 
  “Thats good,” Landsman said, turning to face her bench — meeting Lucians icy stare. Mylo twirled Caitlyns stick as the players milled about on the ice, less than a minute to play in the game. There was no chance of a Piltover comeback, but the final seconds needed to be played out all the same.
 
  Mylos path kept him gliding, hearing Coach Lucian calling out to Landsman to stay in, seeing Landsmans eyebrows furrow. Shed just laid out the Sumprats best skater in a questionable, after—goal hit — being kept on the ice was an invitation for retaliation. Landsman seemed to take comfort in Mylos words, though, as she shrugged and skated towards the faceoff circle.
 
  The Sumprats were shaken, white lipped, glancing between them. There was anger, but also pain and worry — the engine, the heartbeat of their team, had just been carted off curled up in pain. Tough Vi, hard Vi, indestructible Vi — laid bare before all of them. The icy, cool under fire Caitlyn, tears in her eyes, repeating broken apologies as she bent near Vis head while the trainers did their work.
 
  Mylo thought about all of this, thought about 28 goals, thought about the smooth feeling of Caitlyns stick in his hands. It was too big for him, too tall. It cut the air nicely, the glossy carbon fibre of it, the heft — Caitlyn liked heavy sticks that were meant to feel like wood, apparently. Mylo liked that — old school. His was fiberglass, had a lighter feel to it. But he could see her needing to feel the heft as she hit the puck, probably helped with aim or something.
 
  Hed ask her. A long time from now, after his teammates lifted the cup, hed ask her — when the information might no longer be relevant to him.
 
  He leaned on Caitlyns stick, lowering his body for the faceoff, mirroring Landsman as she also leaned forwards, slightly towards him. She liked to lean on opposing skaters, apparently — give a little bit of an edge to herself. It wasnt necessarily an illegal move, but it was meant to throw a winger off their game a little bit.
 
  Mylo waited, and waited, and as the puck dropped, he marvelled at the heft in Caitlyns stick as he lifted it up like an axe, spun on his pivot foot, and brought that heavy carbon fibre stick crashing down across the back of both of Landsmans knees. The stick splintered into three pieces — the head flying into the crowd as the shaft snapped over the tender, vulnerable flesh. Mylo was throwing the shaft aside and shaking his gloves off as Landsman fell to the ice in pain, her face twisted in agony as he started raining blows — left and right and left and right — into Landsmans stupid ugly fucking mug.
 
  This was the person who fucked with his leader. Both of his leaders. And Mylo felt every ounce of Sumprats fury, every ounce of uselessness theyd all experienced watching those videos, finding out how bad it was, and begging Caitlyn — 
  
    pleading 
  
   with Caitlyn — to let them do something. Do anything.
 
  Two referees had him by his armpits and were lifting him off of the prone form of Terri Landsman, and all Mylo could say as they heaved him backwards was:
 
  “Whos lying down,
  
     now
  
  ?”
  
  “Weve sent the X—Rays off to a specialist in Ionia — the specialist who did your surgeries,” Dr. Rossi was saying. He was a kind—faced olive—skinned man with slicked back, sterling silver hair, and a sad little goatee painted onto his face. Vi was sitting up in bed, her left hand holding Caitlyns lightly — Caitlyn having ditched her pads and sweater, sitting in a sports bra and hockey pants and her socked feet.
 
  Powder prowled around the hospital room, checking the window periodically, biting her thumbnail and texting occasionally, but mostly doing her best jungle cat impersonation.
 
  “We dont know what the issue is?” Caitlyn asked, her fingers lightly squeezing Vis. Vi was groggy, fighting off sleep as she watched the doctor, using Caitlyns hand to anchor her. Caitlyn rubbed at her fingers idly, assuring her, trying to let her know she was here without words.
 
  “The scar tissue around the knee is making it difficult to say for sure,” the doctor said, “theres been heavy surgery in the area. The last thing I want to do is misdiagnose Ms. Wickett — especially with something so delicate.”
 
  “So what happens now,” Vi asked, voice thick.
 
  “We wait — they have the scans now and are reviewing them. If we require more X—Rays, well take you immediately. Sit tight, let us know if you start to feel pain again.”
 
  Vi nodded like a bobblehead, and the doctor left just as Cassandra and Tobias piled into the room,  both looking slightly winded.
 
  “Caitlyn, Vi — is she okay?”
 
  “We dont know yet,” Caitlyn said, and Cassandras face twisted.
 
  “What do you mean you dont know yet. Whos the doctor?”
 
  “Doctor Rossi,” Caitlyn said, hesitantly, “but mom—”
 
  Cassandra was already out the door as Tobias crept closer, grinning at Vi as he passed a bag of clothes to Caitlyn, who accepted them gratefully.
 
  “Hey, Vi.”
 
  “Hi,” Vi said, grinning back, “I heard you tried to sneak a lighter in.”
 
  “You heard wrong,” Tobias lied, and then pat Vis other hand. “How are you feeling?”
 
  “Floaty,” Vi murmured, voice soft, “like Im just a head. Caitlyns taking good care of me — I love her so much.”
 
  Caitlyn squeezed Vis hand as Tobias smiled down at her, looked over at Caitlyn.
 
  “Im going to pull your mother away from the hospital staff,” he said, and rose to his feet as he nodded at Powder.
 
  “Nice to meet you — Im Tobias.”
 
  “Powder,” she replied, shaking his offered hand.
 
  “Do you smoke weed?” he asked, and Caitlyn said 
  
    dad
  
  , voice sharp.
 
  “I do,” Powder replied, winking, and Tobias shot her a grin filled with conspiracy as he backed out of the room.
 
  “Caitlyn,” Vi said, softly, and Caitlyn turned to her, leaning close.
 
  “What if,” Vi started, and her throat clogged with emotion, “what if this is it?”
 
  “Its not,” Caitlyn said, fiercely.
 
  “But it feels bad,” Vi said, quietly, “it feels 
  
    really
  
   bad, Cait.”
 
  “Its 
  
    not
  
  ,” Caitlyn said again, her own throat feeling full.
 
  Vi nodded, nodded a little harder, and turned away from Caitlyn to watch the door of her room. Her hand squeezed — hard, desperate, clinging. Caitlyn squeezed back.
  
  When Mel opened the door, Sevika was pressing the palm of her hand so hard into the steel of the hotel room door frame that it left long vertical indents. She had chewed two packs of nicorette and had no more in her pockets, feeling unmoored, listless as she met Mels gaze.
 
  “They dont know whats wrong,” Sevika said, softly, as Mel opened the hotel room door wide to let her coach in.
 
  The room was full of unlit candles, one bed turned down and ready for sleep, the other complete with restraints at each of the four corners, a blindfold, and three sex toys laid out in increasing size — all the things needed for a night of celebration. The room looked like a scene half set, like Mel had stopped at one point when shed gotten the news, a crushed up water bottle in the waste paper basket.
 
  “I know,” Mel said, gesturing to the turned down bed to have Sevika sit.
 
  “You look like you were set to have some fun,” Sevika noted, pointing towards the restraints.
 
  “I thought wed—” Mel started, then huffed, shook her head. “It doesnt matter now. They say that the specialist has the images — in Ionia.”
 
  Sevika nodded, stretching her aching knees out — rattling ever since shed leapt from the boards to the ice in her immediate fear for Vi. She looked down at her own knees, at the scar tissue and surgeries and the work and pressure shed put on them, the lifetime she now had to live to pay for it. 
 
  It didnt feel fair, when you took it at face value — a decade and a half of playing a game and the rest of your life to walk funny. They paid her handsomely to do it, so she couldnt complain — would do it all again immediately. The old heads, Grayson and Zac and Singed, had always said that you knew it was over when your body told you — and it wasnt always dramatic. One day you realized that you were walking with a limp, had to work a little harder up stairs, your shoulder was wordlessly aching for no real reason, and you were hanging them up.
 
  Of the three of them, Grayson had retired with the most grace — going out with a cup and most of her joints intact. Zac had played two years longer than he shouldve, two seasons of limping to 14 goals and 9 assists, and Singed had stubbornly stuck around for four years before quitting mid—season.
 
  Sevika had promised herself she wouldnt be like them, be a Grayson more than a Zac or Singed, but shed still stuck around longer than she shouldve.
 
  But Vi? Vi had years of good hockey left. Vi was playing like a woman in her prime, going out there on the ice and destroying teams with her natural ability and hard—won talent. Vi had been the best player in the playoffs, and it wasnt even close.
 
  To think it may be over because of an after—goal cheap shot was—
 
  It felt like a robbery.
 
  “Im doing my best,” Sevika said, “to keep the squad from hunting down Landsmans hospital room. Its even harder to keep from hunting it down myself. Why shouldnt they get to go in there and wring her neck?”
 
  “It wouldnt solve anything,” Mel said, “all it would do is cause trouble. Mylo did what he did as a surrogate for all of us.”
 
  “Is he going to be taken care of?” Sevika asked.
 
  Mel hesitated — as she always did when it came to sharing league discipline stuff. Sevika wasnt technically allowed to know anything that wasnt already announced in a memo, and she could see Mel struggle mightily to keep secrets — yet another indicator of how… close theyd gotten over the season.
 
  Sevika tried not to look at the bed restraints again.
 
  “I can say,” Mel said, slowly, “that there will be a changing of the guard somewhat soon in higher positions, and as a last act before that happens, Mylo will be ruled on.”
 
  Sevika raised her brows. “Heimerdingers quitting?”
 
  “No,” Mel said, and smiled — smiled sharp. “It appears that GMs around the league — and owners — are upset with how hes handled this season. Theres a vote of no confidence thats passing, and the only people who seem to have his back are the Lone Stars ownership.”
 
  Sevika nodded. “Who — Skye?”
 
  “To begin the offseason. Theyre giving him the award ceremony for the finals — hell present the cup and the Playoff MVP, but that and Mylos case will be his last acts.”
 
  Sevika sighed, pressed a hand to her forehead. “I promised him that Id take care of him. He wouldve gotten to 30 goals if we didnt ask him to pass — he did that for the team. I was going to push for him to be re—signed in the offseason.”
 
  “Well see what happens,” Mel said, climbing on the bed behind Sevika to begin slowly running her hands over tense shoulders, “but I wont leave him out to dry. I can find something for him to do if it goes badly.”
 
  Sevika grunted, lowered her head, let Mels fingers work over her back.
 
  “Would she want us to visit her?” Mel asked.
 
  “The teams going over in shifts,” Sevika said, “trying not to overwhelm Vi. If shes gotten bad news shell probably not want the audience — theyre taking it slow, listening to Caitlyn. We can head over around midnight if they give us the okay.”
 
  Mel checked the clock. “Thats in an hour.”
 
  “Yeah,” Sevika said, closing her eyes, opening her mouth, closing it.
 
  “I know,” Mel said softly, and Sevikas eyes opened wide.
 
  “You do?”
 
  “Yes. You were going to ask if we could skip out on the sex tonight. Tonights about what you want — whatever you need.”
 
  Sevika frowned. “How did you know I was going to ask not to fuck you?”
 
  “I spend a lot of time looking at your face,” Mel said, draping herself over Sevikas back, her cheek resting on Sevikas, “its quite handsome. I like to think I know it pretty well by now.”
 
  Sevika huffed, reached up to touch Mels hand, pat it gently.
 
  “Better than most,” Sevika said.
 
  They sat in the hotel in silence, looking the same direction, listening to each other breathe, feeling each other think, for a long while.
  
  “Okay, skipper,” Claggor said, smiling as he rose. Ahri rose too, both of them giving Vi bright smiles.
 
  “Fast recovery,” Ahri said, “youll be back on your skates in no time, Vi.”
 
  “You bet,” Vi said, tired but smiling. The pain meds had worn off — she had looked more alert, more aware in the past few hours. Caitlyn had been in the chair at her side for the entire time, aside from the five minutes it had taken to change into the hoodie,track pants, and shoes that her mother and father had brought her. When shed come back in, Vi had raised her hands towards her, whining needily while Powder had rolled her eyes.
 
  Claggor and Ahri waved as they stepped out into the hallway, leaving Caitlyn and Vi alone in the room for the first time all night — the slow trickle of visitors had taken their toll on Vi as they waited, and waited, and waited. Cassandra had put the gears to the doctors, the administrators, and even the surgeon in Ionia  — somehow — to give them an update, any update. When shed tapped all the trees she could, she went with Tobias to track down food for the Kirammans and Vi, eyeing the food tray the nurse had brought Vi with a critical eye.
 
  “I brought two extra cookies,” the nurse said, winking at Caitlyn, “because Im a massive, massive fan.”
 
  Cassandra had seemed satisfied with the treatment, thanking her as shed left.
 
  Powder had left to get Vis stuff back to Zaun, with the expectation shed be moved back home as soon as they could — and also to pack up the equipment, including the camera that Powder had said was probably in smithereens.
 
  “Ill be back in two hours,” Powder had said, “maybe three if I get stuck. Call me when you get an update.”
 
  “I will,” Caitlyn had replied, “thanks, Powder.”
 
  “No,” Powder said, seriously, “thank you. Thank you for taking such good care of her.”
 
  Powder had glanced at Vi, sound asleep, before stepping closer to crouch in front of Caitlyn, taking her free hand.
 
  “This,” Powder had said, fiercely, “is the fault of a fucking lunatic, and not yours. I can see you trying to find a way to fall on your sword — it wont help Vi, and its not true. You are not responsible for her actions — okay?”
 
  Caitlyn nodded, eyes stinging. “Logically, I know that.”
 
  “Well, tell your emotions to get with the program,” Powder had replied, rising, “get some sleep.”
 
  Now with no audience, no interruptions, and an aware Vi, Caitlyn squeezed her hand, rose from her chair to stretch her back.
 
  “Hey,” Vis voice said, low and creaky.
 
  Caitlyn looked down. “Hey.”
 
  “Can you get up here?”
 
  Caitlyn looked at Vi, strapped to the bed, leg wrapped up. “I dont want to hurt you.”
 
  “Please?” Vi asked, and Caitlyn was stepping out of her shoes.
 
  Carefully, with a dancers grace, Caitlyn slid into the high hospital bed, curling an arm underneath Vis head and resting so that one of her feet were on the ground, the other leg stretched out next to Vis right side — her good side. Vi turned as best as she could to press her face into Caitlyns chest, Caitlyns fingers stroking her hair.
 
  Caitlyn felt the first sob come more than heard it, and she closed her eyes against the flood of emotion, picturing herself on Vis awful couch, cradled to Vis chest as she talked and talked about Landsman, about the Lone Stars.
 
  Vis fingers squeezed her hoodie, sobbed again, and Caitlyn wrapped her arms around Vi, squeezed tightly, pressed a kiss into her hair.
 
  “Im here,” was all she could say, because it was better than 
  
    Im sorry
  
  .
 
  “Im here,” was all she could say, because it was more true than 
  
    Itll be okay.
  
 


  Sturn Expelled From League

  
    Sumprats Forward banned for shockingly violent actions resulting in a career ending injury at the end of Game 4 of the RHL Cup Finals
  
 
  By Shelly Misthore


 
  They found out in the early morning, Cassandra, Tobias, Elora and Jinx all crammed into the tiny hospital room with Vi, Caitlyn at her side.
 
  “Its a dislocated kneecap,” Dr. Rossi said, and Caitlyn sagged in relief as Vi and Elora literally high fived, a whoop of excitement exploding in the room.
 
  “You can start walking on it in a few days — well have you in a brace for two weeks, but you should be right as rain in eight weeks. Well do follow up appointments with your team doctor in Zaun — youre in Dr. Lansburys care? Shes great — and well monitor it for your offseason, but I dont expect this to slow you down.”
 
  Vis smile fell slightly. “So theres no chance of getting back for the finals?”
 
  “No,” Dr. Rossi said, “Im sorry, Ms. Wickett.”
 
  “Oh,” Vi said, slumped back, “but Ill be good for next season?”
 
  “Youll be perfectly healthy, so long as you follow the guidelines. Your previous surgeries actually helped a great deal — the pins in your tibia prevented a more severe break in the knee."
 
  Vi looked at Caitlyn, lifted her shoulders against her pillow. "Small mercies."
 
  “We have a medical bus coming to pick you up and transfer you to Zaun,” Dr. Rossi said, then pointed at Vi. “Stay off it for three days at least, Dr. Lansbury will give you the rest of the details when you land.”
 
  “Thanks, doc,” Vi said, and Rossi left.
 
  “This isnt the worst news,” Elora said, already texting, “I need to update Mel. Im sorry about the finals, Vi.”
 
  “Thanks, El,” Vi said, touching her hand, “go do your thing.”
 
  Elora nodded tightly, walked out of the room on her phone.
 
  Vi looked up at Caitlyn, smiling slightly as Cassandra and Tobias quietly left to give Vis family their time — Powder and Caitlyn hovering over her, gauging her reactions. The excitement that it was serious, but not 
  
    that
  
   serious in terms of a knee injury was rapidly outweighed by the fact that Vi would miss the rest of the finals — their finals, the thing theyd worked so hard to get to for over a decade.
 
  Vis eyes were shiny and wide as they searched Caitlyns gaze, her hand coming up to grip Caitlyns hand hard.
 
  “Dont you dare blow this,” she said.
 
  Caitlyn furrowed her brows. “Vi—”
 
  “You worked too fucking hard. Everyone else worked too fucking hard. Youre going to go out there tomorrow and youre going to put your skates on their necks, Cait. You cant let my absence ruin all of this.”
 
  “Youre the heart of the team,” Caitlyn said, softly.
  
  Akali scored on Ekko high right side off of a blown defensive assignment, Poppy muttering 
  
    fuck
  
   under her breath.
  
  “Youre the best player,” Vi replied, smiling gently, “they listen to and respect you. Youre underestimating yourself.”
  Davidsons rocket found its way past Ekkos trapper, the Zaun crowd letting out an Awww as Riven, late to the play, slumped against the boards and rapped her knuckles against the glass.  
  “Im not you,” Caitlyn replied, “I have no idea how to be you, Vi. What if Im not enough?”
  
  A slapshot bounces in traffic in front of Ekkos crease, bounces off of Illaois skate and wobbles across the goal line. Illaoi shoves with her stick in frustration at Adler, and a brief scrum ensues — the refs calling a penalty on Illaoi for a late hit.
  
  “You dont need to be me,” Vi said, smiled softly, “you never need to be more than who you are. Listen to the team — theyll tell you what they need from you.”
  
  Caitlyn hits the ice, rolls onto her stomach, and spits blood out as she scrabbles to her feet, wincing and glancing up at the jumbotron. She wipes her mouth with her sweater, her teeth stained red.
 
  Claggor starts to skate towards the offender, and Caitlyn grabs his jersey, yanks him back with a shake of her head.
  
  “Ill try,” Caitlyn said.
  
  “Brady, are you fucking 
  
    blind
  
  ,” Sevika screams, “you see the way theyre playing my captain?”
 
  “It was a clean hit, coach.”
 
  “Clean hit? You going soft in the fucking brains, or the fucking eyes? Ill show you how legal that—”
 
  “Youre out,” the ref replies, making the signal to toss her.
 
  “Are you 
  
    fucking kidding me
  
  ?” Sevika roars, lunging forwards, being held back by Darius as she tries to grab the ref.
 
  “Go home, Coach.”
 
  “You fucking assholes are doing a great job, Brady. Real great job. Whyd we get stuck with the fucking D team in game five? You fucking donkey.”
 
  “Out,” Brady says, pointing, and Sevika turns, grabs a handful of pucks, and lobs them onto the ice as she storms out of the arena.
  
  “Trust me,” Vi said, running her thumb over Caitlyns hand, “youll do great. Youll do amazing.”
  
  “Stick to your 
  
    fucking
  
   assignment, Ahri,” Riven barked.
 
  “Number 97 is 
  
    your
  
   assignment, you fucking dumbass. Last I checked I was the goal scorer, not a defensive hump.”
 
  “Folks,” Poppy said between them, shoving both of them lightly as the crowd and Zaun was quiet, the cheers not echoing for the first time all playoffs, “keep your heads in it. Focus.”
 
  “Fuck off, Poppy,” Riven snapped, “this isnt some hunky dory shit.”
 
  Riven skates off, and Caitlyn is left in the frame, watching them. She has a bruised cheek, blood down the red of the logo of her sweater, a swollen eye from an elbow. Shes been targeted and targeted and targeted, the old Kiramman strategy rearing its head because Lucian had — correctly — assumed that the Sumprats couldnt take penalties to retaliate, not without their best defensive player and their second best scorer.
 
  Caitlyn looks at the scoreboard, sees the numbers — Piltover 5, Sumprats 0 — one minute to go in the second period. She exhales, skates towards the bench, opens her mouth and closes it as faces blur by — Darius, Riven, Graves, Poppy, Claggor, Thresh, Ahri, Leona, Diana, Illaoi, Ekko in the crease, Ashe in street clothes.. All looking sullen, angry, all looking frustrated at the penalties theyd taken, leftover rage from Vis injury infecting them, making them play worse, weaker, sloppier.
 
  Caitlyn skates past them, and her face hardens as she skates towards the faceoff. The footage cuts to a smiling Mylo chirping, a grin sticking to his lips. Cuts to Sevika, barking orders behind the bench, pointing with a pamphlet. Cuts to Vi, touching Caitlyns hip, the words 
  
    you good
  
  ? on her lips as Caitlyn watches Claggor and Landsman fight.
 
  Caitlyn curls her lip in anger, slowly bends to have her stick on her knees, and lowers her body as the puck drops.
 
  Shes a blur of red and black and long hair as she shifts to intercept the pass, takes it back to her own zone. The Sumprats are playing three down, their lineups jumbled, slightly confused — the fusion reminiscent of the early days in October when they hadnt known their identity yet. Riven does a tight wheel formation, impatiently tapping her stick, and Caitlyn shifts the puck to her left, sees Akali coming for the forecheck, plays around her.
 
  Davidson comes in for the hit, and Caitlyn calls out—
 
  “Riven, go!”
 
  Riven, looking surprised, leaps into action as Caitlyn fires the puck towards her just as Davidson hits her, knocking her off of her feet. Caitlyn rolls and jumps up to keep with the play as Riven gets the pass on her stick, races up ice, tries to gather and shoot but goes wide. Ahri is there to clean it up, whacks it back to Leona who fires it from the point — only to watch Jax turn it away. Diana is slashing at it, managing to get another shot which Jax again shuts the door on, the rebound wobbling and up for grabs as Caitlyn makes it in time, gets a stick on it, shoots—
 
  And is levelled again, slamming into the ice on her back as the shot goes high and hits the crossbar, wobbles in the air as it hits the ice behind the net. Caitlyn pops to her feet again as the second period ends, the period buzzer blaring as the Sumprats gather themselves and wordlessly head for the locker room.
 
  Riven says something to Ahri that has her snapping back, the two glaring as they troop into the tunnel, and Caitlyn is the last to leave the ice, watching the crowd as they look around, a little confused, a little anxious. This isnt their Thumprats — this soft and careful team that seems afraid to hit without Vi, defensively listless without their anchor, dead without their heartbeat.
 
  Caitlyns face hardens again as she steps off the ice, walks into the locker room.
  
  Around Caitlyn, buzzing like flies, were the sounds of her teammates voices, barking and arguing, Claggor struggling to calm down Riven and Ahri as they yelled at one another, passions rising. Ekko sat with his head hung low, fingers laced and white—knuckled as Graves sat beside him, arm on his shoulder, talking to him in a low voice. Poppy watched her teammates, a worried expression on her face as she kept trying to interject, Thresh sitting silently, staring blankly ahead, hands gripping his stick.
 
  Caitlyn watched them, one by one, feeling like she was behind a pane of glass. Behind and to her right, Vis locker sat with her sweater — number 6 — sitting pristine, untouched. Caitlyn looked at it, touched the material as her teammates raised voices began to blur in her mind, disappearing, fading into the background as her thumb and forefinger rubbed into the material of Vis sweater, red and black, even now bringing her a modicum of comfort, an easing of breath.
 
  There was a thumping in her blood as a sound pierced her mental fog, her mouth still tasting blood, the red stains on her sweater slightly darker than the black and crimson of the Sumprats logo, dotting the brown of Grapes fur. She looked up as the sound became a dull roar, a thousand voices — tens of thousands of voices.
 WELL I WONT BACK DOWN, the voices sing. 
  She looked at her arguing teammates, looked at the splintering of the Sumprats, and slowly, carefully, got to her feet.
 
  
    NO I WONT BACK DOWN
  
  .
 
  “Guys,” Caitlyn says, but the arguing continues.
 
  
    YOU CAN STAND ME UP AT THE GATES OF HELL
  
 
  “Guys!” Caitlyn shouts, as a few heads snap in her direction — to no avail.
 
  
    BUT I WONT BACK DOWN
  
 
  The arguing continued until Caitlyns shrill whistle pierced the room — making the voices die around her.
 
  
    GONNA STAND MY GROUND
  
  .
 
  Caitlyn pointed to the ceiling, and her teammates all looked up, suddenly clocked the singing.
 
  
    WONT BE TURNED AROUND.
  
 
  “Listen,” Caitlyn said, softly.
 
  
    AND ILL KEEP THIS WORLD FROM DRAGGIN ME DOWN
  
  .
 
  “Those are your people,” Caitlyn said, fierce, eyes blazing.
 
  
    GONNA STAND MY GROUND, 
  
  Zaun sang, 
  
    AND I WONT BACK DOWN.
  
 
  “How can you stand here,” Caitlyn said, “arguing with each other, quitting on the season, when 
  
    they
  
   havent yet?”
 
  
    HEY BABY,
  
   the crowd sang, 
  
    THERE AINT NO EASY WAY OUT
  
  .
 
  “Youre better than youre playing,” Caitlyn said, “youre so much better than this. That team doesnt deserve to go to game six — not in our fucking barn. Not in this city.”
 
  
    HEY I WILL STAND MY GROUND.
  
 
  “Vi goes down, and you all suddenly forget who the fuck we are,” Caitlyn continued, “what weve fucking seen. If she were here, shed be embarrassed — of all of us.” 
 
  
    AND I WONT BACK DOWN.
  
 
  “So were not getting calls,” Caitlyn said, walking towards each of her teammates, slowly making her way in a circle as they sat, watched her, eyes focused and sharp “weve never gotten a favourable whistle all season. Were getting beat up? Thats nothing new. Were hurt and limping and lost some key players? It wouldnt be Sumprats hockey if that wasnt true.”
 
  
    WELL I KNOW WHATS RIGHT
  
  .
 
  “Its not going to be handed to you,” Caitlyn said, “and we keep waiting for someone to come in here and make it easy — its never been easy. Not in this town, not on this team. 
  
    They
  
   understand that.”
 
  
    I GOT JUST ONE LIFE.
  
 
  “So stop yelling at each other,” Caitlyn said, looking at Riven and Ahri, “stop getting angry,” she continued, looking at Illaoi, “stop throwing away your chances. They expect us to pack it in and come back at it for game six but I say fuck that.
 
  
    IN A WORLD THAT KEEPS ON PUSHIN ME AROUND
  
 
  “I say this ends today — this ends in our barn, in front of that crowd — because they fucking deserve it.”
 
  
    BUT ILL STAND MY GROUND
  
 
  “A smart woman once looked at you all in the eyes and said fuck Piltover. She said run the score up. Were going to do it again. For Vi, and for Mylo, and Sevika and every fucking person in this city who had to sit still and take it when Piltover fucked with them.”
 
  
    AND I WONT BACK DOWN
  
  .
 
  “So you can stay here and argue and get nothing done,” Caitlyn finished, “but Im going out there and Im going to light the goalie up. You can come with me, or you can pretend you tried.”
 
  There was silence in the locker room when she finished, as the crowd outside began a familiar chant, a thrumming, pumping war cry.
 
  
    Lets go Thumprats.
  
 
  
    Lets go Thumprats.
  
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  “Fuck Piltover,” Ahri said, looking at Riven.
 
  “Fuck Piltover,” Riven said.
 
  “Fuck Piltover,” Poppy yelled.
 
  “Fuck Piltover,” Caitlyn confirmed, reaching her hand out, “on three.”
 
  “One, two three—”
 
  FUCK PILTOVER.
  
  On her way out of the locker room, Caitlyn grabs Viktor, pulls him aside.
 
  “Im not coming out this period,” she says.
 
  Viktors eyes narrow. “You cant play twenty minutes straight—”
 
  “The squad needs it,” Caitlyn says, “we cant win without me on the ice. I can do it.”
 
  “But you wont have Vi,” Viktor says, “Ive run the simulations — we can bag a couple, sure, but Vi is integral to half of our defensive rotations. If—”
 
  Wordlessly, Caitlyn peels off her sweater, tosses it onto the ground, and holds up a second one — the number six.
 
  “Youve got her,” Caitlyn says.
  
  “Danielle, were about to start the third period in this lopsided tilt and — it looks like Caitlyn Kiramman is wearing Vi Wicketts number!”
 
  The television was turned up as Vi watched, her leg propped up on a coffee table as Cassandra and Tobias flanked her, Powder sitting across from her chewing her nail nervously. Around Vi was a series of balled up tissues and peanuts and other things shed thrown at the television throughout the two periods of hockey, furious at what she was seeing from the refs and her teammates and Sevika getting herself tossed to create a spark. Nothing seemed to work — her Sumprats were lifeless, dead out there, and Vi felt trapped on the couch, needing to go be with them as they fought.
 
  “Holy shit,” she said, as Caitlyn skated onto the ice, her sweater — WICKETT stamped on the back, the number 6 in blood red — fluttering gently as she took Vis winger position.
 
  “Yes, hi,” Cassandra said into her cell phone, “is Dr. Landsbury available? I would like to get her to assist a patient for travel.”
 
  Vi looked at her in surprise, and Tobias gestured to the television, Caitlyns face blank and impassive as she lined up for the faceoff.
 
  “I know my daughter,” Tobias said, “that look? We need to get you down there.”
 
  “To offer support?” Powder asked, clueless.
 
  Vi watched Caitlyn jut her bruised jaw out, and a slow smile creeped across her face.
 
  “Theyre going to try and win it,” Vi said, breathless.
 
  Powder immediately raced for her camera.
  
  Darius won the draw back to Leona, who zipped it to Claggor — her defensive partner for this shift as Caitlyn broke free of her spot and crossed across neutral ice. Claggors wobbly pass found her stick as she broke into her full speed, taking the puck down low and turning in a tight circle. The Lone Star defender tried to body up on her, but Caitlyn stuck her arm out — exactly how Vi would — the wiry strength in it keeping the defender at bay as she used her longer limbs to shovel the puck to a streaking in Thresh.
 
  Thresh had the goalie alone, brought the heat to him as he zipped it last minute to an open Darius for the yawning net goal, and the Sumprats were on the board — the crowd going loud, sounding alive and engaged for the first time all game. Every seat was still full — Zaun hadnt abandoned them — and they were electric in the stands.
 
  “Carrie,” Janine said in the stands, gripping her partners wrist, “do you think?”
 
  “I believe!” Carrie roared, jumping up and down, “I believe, I believe, I believe!”
 
  “Lets go THUMPRATS!” roared Old Gene, a cane dangling from his hand as he clapped.
 
  Lenny remained seated, gripping his sons hands tightly, eyes bulging.
  
  “Signs of life from the Sumprats,” Marv Alliston said on the television as Dr. Angela Lansbury walked into Vi and Caitlyns home, her face painted red and black and a Wickett jersey on her torso.
 
  Vi looked at her, slowly smiled. “Not a hockey kind of girl, huh?”
 
  “I dabble,” Dr. Lansbury said dismissively, as two nurses — dressed the same way the doctor was — began to pack Vi up for transport.
 
  “Well get you a wheelchair,” the doc continued, “just in case you need to move around. Weve got the bus ready — lets go support your team.
  
  “Caitlyn Kiramman has played for four minutes straight, and this is suddenly a hockey game as the Sumprats are battling hard,” Marv continued.
 
  “Marv, this is a lot of strain on a woman that has hit the deck multiple times in this game — you have to wonder how her stamina will hold out.”
 
  Caitlyn was on the forecheck, stick out, adjusting slightly as the Lone Stars played it back, looking to burn time. Time was on Piltovers side — all they needed was the clock to hit 0:00 and theyd take the win back to Piltover where they stood a chance of forcing the game seven.
 
  Caitlyn forced their hand by attacking viciously, and it truly was a transformation — the tall—standing defender who watched the puck, acted as a quarterback, was gone. Now, she was a jungle cat, prowling the passing lanes, predatory, watching the offences every move. She was sleek and fast and smart, reacting to every open passer, her head constantly swivelling as she reacted and acted and forced the Lone Stars back, and back, and back.
 
  The costly mistake came when Caitlyn played off of Akali, seeming to show her as open, but when the puck arrived she pounced, turned on her speed, and raced up ice with it on her stick, Ahri and Poppy trailing immediately. Caitlyn crossed to the slot as a defender stepped up, tossed the puck back between her legs and took the hit — crashing to the ice as Poppy caught the pass and fired it on net for the confusing goal as Jax dove across his crease.
 
  Caitlyn raised her hands in victory and Poppy roared, both fists pumping as the people in Zaun began to truly get into it, the decibel levels rising higher and higher as the Sumprats cut the lead to three.
 
  Caitlyn gained her feet and hugged Poppy, skated towards the faceoff circle, never even looking at the bench for a line change.
  
  Voices rising from a bar in Zaun:
 
  “We can do it, we can fucking do it.”
 
  “Oh my god, come on, Sumprats, come on!”
 
  “Did you see the fucking pass? How is she still playing?”
 
  “That Kiramman is the toughest hockey player I have ever seen.”
  
  The ambulance screamed in its siren as Vi was transported to the arena, the drivers — both Sumprats fans — abusing their power for the greater good.
  
  The Lone Stars had the puck seven minutes into the third, and they were in full on Stop The Bleeding mode. They tried to keep the puck in their possession as much as possible, playing passively and timidly. Akali caught it across the neutral zone, and turned to pass it back to her defenders when Illaoi stepped up to level her, leaving Caitlyn to dart out and snag the free puck and again charge across the blue line, Illaoi at her back.
 
  Caitlyn made a pretty move to get past the last defender, and as Jax followed her towards the edge of the crease, Caitlyn found Illaoi on her backhand — right where Illaoi wanted it. Illaoi was already winding up for the one—timer when Caitlyn fed her the puck, and this time, Illaoi — wild shooting Illaoi — slammed the puck home true and straight.
 
  The webbing erupted in a wave and Illaoi pointed at Caitlyn as her defensive partner came in for the hug, and the Sumprats cut the lead to two.
  
  “Caitlyn Kiramman has now played nine minutes — all nine minutes of the third period, and she must be exhausted.”
 
  “If she is, Marv, she isnt showing it — shes a warrior on skates. At this point, what 
  
    havent
  
   the Lone Stars tried against her?”
 
  “They knock her down, she keeps getting back up — this game is a micro version of Kirammans entire career so far.”
 
  “Its unbelievable, Marv. Ive never seen anything like it.”
  
  Eleven minutes into the third period, the announcer of the arena spoke.
 
  “Ladies and gentlemen — Vi Wickett!”
 
  The crowd erupted in cheers as Vi wheeled through the tunnel towards the bench, not bothering to wave and trailed by Powder with a camera. She was pushed by Tobias, who released her to manoeuvre under her own power just before the cameras saw her. She wheeled herself forwards, waving her hand to the crowd with a small smile before parking herself to the side of the tunnel, just outside of the bench area.
 
  Her blue eyes raked over the action on the bench, raked over her own jersey fluttering on Caitlyns form as she chased the puck up the ice, a glassy bead of sweat dripping down her nose as she skated.
 
  “You humps,” Vi called to the bench, who were looking at her with grins on their faces and softness in their eyes, “let them get a huge lead.”
 
  “Were fixing it, Cap,” called Leona.
 
  “Youd better,” Vi chirped back, and then said, “we win the cup tonight.”
 
  They nodded, and Vi folded her hands in her lap, watching.
  
  The Lone Stars started grabbing the momentum at thirteen minutes in the third, with a blitzing Davidson giving it up to a quick footed Adler who beat Caitlyn — barely — to the spot. As Adler managed to get Ekko alone, she did a pretty little toe drag past a diving Claggor and snapped the puck to the goal — denied with a glove save by Ekko. Ekko didnt cover it, dropping it onto his stick and kicking it out to Caitlyn who didnt even have to look to hit Ahri in stride.
 
  Riven and Ahri were suddenly in a 2 on 2 with the defense, and their smiles were sharp the whole time — Riven began to pick up speed as soon as the blue line was broken, Ahri handling towards the center of the ice. Riven was so fast that she blurred past her defender, zipped around the net as Ahri faked the shot, instead aiming low and to the side of the net.
 
  Riven was there to receive it as both defenders bit on the fake, diving low to block the shot and leaving Riven all alone with Jax. With two quick moves, she had the puck tucked past the post and in, her hands throwing up with the goal and pointing one finger at Ahri.
 
  “Oh, youre a 
  
    bad
  
   bitch,” Ahri said, grinning cheek to cheek as she slammed into Riven for the hug.
 
  “Not as bad as you,” Riven grinned back, tapping Ahri on the waist as Caitlyn joined them.
 
  “Hell of a feed, Captain,” Ahri said, and Caitlyn didnt respond, took the moment to lean on them, coasting for a moment as she caught her breath.
 
  “Dont talk back, save your strength,” Riven murmured into her ear, squeezing her. She looked at Ahri, concern in her eyes.
 
  Ahri met her gaze with steel, with surety. Caitlyn would make it.
 
  The team needed her.
  
  “One more goal,” said a shopkeeper, his customers and him crowded around a dingy, black and white television.
  
  “One more goal,” said a mother of three, her kids in her minivan listening to the game, all shifting impatiently as she was stuck in traffic.
  
  “One more goal,” said two firefighters, their overalls draped from their waists, bucket hats in their hands.
  
  “One more goal,” said a music producer, watching from his phone as the talent — a rapper — also sat in the booth on their phone.
  
  “One more goal,” Sevika said in Mels office, both of them crowded around Mels PC. The Zaunite security — who were, ostensibly, leading Sevika out of the building — also were crowded around the screen, watching with nervous teeth biting at their fingers.
  
  
    ONE MORE GOAL
  
  , chanted the crowd, as Caitlyn coasted back to the faceoff, 
  
    ONE MORE GOAL.
  
 
  She exhaled slowly, inhaled even slower, straightened up to exhale again, the crowd going ballistic as she rolled her shoulders, her neck.
 
  The puck dropped, and Caitlyn moved with it, the action starting again.
  
  “Folks, I truly have never seen anything like it — Caitlyn Kiramman has skated for the entire fifteen minutes and twelve seconds of this third period, and the Sumprats have needed every moment.”
 
  “Youve said it, Marv — shes played offence, defence, shes stepped into both Wicketts role and her own as she pushed Zaun to close the gap — its a one score game going into the sixteenth minute.”
 
  “The folks at home cant see this,” Marv says as the ESPN logo flashes to transition to footage, “but watch what were looking at — every television timeout, every commercial break, Kiramman is leaning on the boards, her teammates, the net — anything to take a few moments to gather her breath.”
 
  The footage cuts between Caitlyn doing just that — leaning on the net with her face pressed to the bars, skating with her stick on her knees in Vis classic pose, leaning on the bench door with one skate on the ice, watching the skaters as Viktor talks to the team, chomping gum in a skinny black tie.
 
  “She needs every second of oxygen, and shes been involved with every Zaun goal — four assists so far on the night, setting her teammates up and setting the table for more.”
 
  “The only question remains, with four minutes and forty eight seconds left in the third, is do the Sumprats have enough time?”
  
  When the time hit sixteen minutes, Davidson hit Caitlyn with the worst hit yet in the Lone Stars zone — a devastating shoulder to shoulder hit that sent her collapsing to the ice, her helmet shaking loose as Caitlyn landed on a shoulder and bounced once, lightly. Caitlyn immediately bounced to her knees, watched the play a moment, and leapt to her skates to chase the play down as the Lone Stars went the other way, streaking up the ice for the odd man rush.
 
  Caitlyn turned on the jets as Davidson handled it to Akali, who fed him back in the slot as Caitlyn gained speed, stride after stride propelling her forwards, long legs eating up the ice as Davidson gathered the puck to shoot. As soon as he bent low, as soon as he was ready to pull the trigger—
  
  “Its about leverage,” Vi said, wearing minimal pads with Caitlyn, her gloves and compression shorts the only equipment she had. “You dont want to hit with your shoulder — hit with your legs. Get low on a target, look em square in the logo, toes pointed towards them, crouch, and pop.”
 
  She demonstrated — getting low, popping upwards, her shoulder brushing Caitlyns chest.
 
  “Low, then pop,” Vi drilled, as Caitlyn was in full pads, practising on an eager Claggor.
 
  “Low, then pop,” Vi reminded as Caitlyn fucked up a check in practice.
 
  “Low, then pop,” Vi criticised as Caitlyn came at her too high.
  
  — and Caitlyn dropped low, and exploded upwards with her legs, shoulder to logo with her toes pointed.
 
  Davidson rocked backwards, fanning nothing but air as Caitlyn controlled the skates, snagged the puck, and raced back the other direction, her dark hair fanning out behind her as she rushed the puck north, Claggor at her side. She stick handled the puck to the slot, deked her way around the lone defender, sold out to take the shot and saw Jax had her covered, was determined to meet her, forcing her to cough it up to the worst shooter on her team.
 
  Caitlyn flipped the puck to Clagg, and Claggor left no doubt.
 BWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO went the goal horn as Claggor roared YES at the same time as the crowd, and popcorn and soda erupted into the air across the stadium as Claggor and Caitlyn embraced fiercely, and the Sumprats tied it at five.  
  “The Sumprats have done it!” Marv roared. “With three minutes and thirty seconds in the third period, the Sumprats have come all the way back to tie the game!”
 
  “Better rethink those game six tickets, folks,” Danielle shouted, “because this Sumprats team is determined to end this here and now.”
 
  “As stunning a comeback as Ive ever seen in all my days,” Marv shouted, voice hoarse, “and Caitlyn Kiramman with five assists, doing everything out there — hitting, defence, offence, all while wearing her injured co—captains sweater.”
  
  Vi watched her team celebrate and wheeled herself forwards as Viktor chewed his gum and glanced at his pamphlet, eyes reading the ice.
 
  “Vik,” she called, “we gotta go for the win.”
 
  Viktor glanced back. “Rather than overtime?”
 
  “Caitlyn cant make it to Overtime,” Vi said, “shes on fumes. We gotta end it.”
 
  Viktor nodded, chewed his gum, waved Caitlyn and Claggor and the rest of the on—ice Sumprats to the bench.
 
  “We go aggressive,” Viktor said, “we go loud. Leave no doubt in anyones mind whos barn this is.”
 
  They all nodded as Ekko skated up, flipped his mask up.
 
  “Ive got us,” he said, calmly, and Caitlyn laid a hand on his shoulder, looked up at the time remaining, nodded.
 
  “Get me the puck,” Caitlyn said, and the Sumprats broke off.
  
  “Get Caitlyn the puck,” Sevika murmured, “get it to her.”
  
  “Kirammans getting the puck here,” Lucian called down his bench, “its okay — stay focused. Get it out of her hands as soon as it touches her wood. I want eyes on her at all times. We make it to Overtime, we win — theyre too gassed.”
  
  As Ahri was about to clamber over the boards, a fully dressed Ashe raced past her with a trailing Dr. Angela Lansbury, giving Viktor the thumbs up as Ashe tapped Ahris shoulder, grinned.
 
  “Hey,” Ashe said, “sorry Im late — I was injured.”
 
  Ahri grinned, hugged Ashe, and pointed to the ice in an 
  
    after you
  
   gesture.
 
  When Ashe hit the ice, Hot Girl Shit was nearly fully back — Leona, Diana, Ashe, and Caitlyn. Thresh took up the centres spot, skated around in a tight circle before lowering himself in front of Akali, spinning his stick once, twice, three times.
 
  Akali leaned forwards, inhaling slowly, exhaling lightly. Caitlyn panted in her spot on defense, her stick on her knees as she sucked in air, sweat cooling on her collarbone.
 
  Akali won the draw back to the defense as the Lone Stars started playing keepaway, but Ashe and Diana circled them like sharks, looking for opportunities as Thresh played the middle and Caitlyn and Leona played back. Akali caught a pass and went around her own neck, Ashe shadowing her the entire way as they collided in the corner, started a scrum where the goal scorer flipped her hip so her good hip was aimed towards Akali and she was digging at the puck with her stick, the bang and rattle against the boards erupting in the loud space.
 
  In the stands, not a single fan was sitting — the Sumprats were standing at attention and roaring the now familiar chant, so loud that it would be captured in the corners of the arena and tattooed for all time:
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  Clap, clap, clapclapclap.
 
  
    LETS GO THUMPRATS.
  
 
  Clap, clap, clapclapclap.
 
  Akali managed to come up with the puck, zipping it to Davidson who wobbled it to Adler, and Leona smashed into her, knocking her to the ground and feeding the puck to her wife for the counter attack. The pass to Caitlyn was deflected by a lunging Lone Stars defender, who sent it skittering up past the neutral ice and had both teams resetting.
 
  Every time Caitlyn touched it, the Lone Stars raced to get in her way, but Hot Girl Shit had played together for a season. Hot Girl Shit knew each others ins and outs, knew that with Caitlyn on the ice, it was a matter of time before something shook loose.
 
  Caitlyn got a pass from Thresh and saw two bodies streaking towards her, so coughed it to Leona who batted it back to Thresh in a triangle. Thresh dished it to Diana who battled through traffic, wound up, and fanned the air in a fake shot as Ashe scooped it up, beating a clattering Davidson as she fed it back to Leona. Akali stayed shaded towards Caitlyn, ready for the pass, when all of a sudden the Sumprats started to move in a circle.
 
  Caitlyn dashed towards the slot and slid behind the net as Leona worked the puck along the blue line, passed it back to Diana who took up the defenders position, and there was a moment of confusion around the net as Diana wound up.
 
  The shot was high, and wide, and the Lone Stars reacted by turning their heads to track it, rather than reacting to the puck.
 
  To their utter surprise, Caitlyn was there, knocking the high shot down to the ice, scooping it up on her stick, and flinging it — still bouncing — towards the net in an athletic shot, an impossible shot.
 
  The light turned red, and the crowd erupted — so loud that the boards vibrated by themselves as Caitlyn raised her stick to the sky in a rifle position, fired it towards the jumbotron along with the crowd, her teammates, the people sitting in their cars, packed into outdoor movie theatres, bars, apartment buildings, walking down the street, grocery stores and mechanic shops and law offices — everywhere that called itself Zaun, raised and fired with her.
 
  “THE SUMPRATS SCORE!” Marv roared, rising in the booth alongside Danielle as they gripped at each others wrists in excitement.
 
  “An unbelievable comeback!” Danielle cried, but even they on the TV broadcast were drowned out by the noise in Zaun.
  
  The Zaun bench erupted, and Viktor and Claggor immediately turned to race towards Vi and hug her as she raised her arms, tears stinging her eyes as the clock read 1:31 remaining in the third.
 
  “Defensive lineups,” called Viktor, “Illaoi, Darius, Riven, Poppy — lets go people, lets keep them back.”
 
  The Sumprats shuttled off and onto the ice and Caitlyn skated back, grim determination replacing her jubilation.
 
  Ekko nodded, and began to talk to himself, low and under his breath, his mask moving slightly as he spoke.
  
  Akali won the puck back to her defender and tried to push ahead as Darius got in her way, Poppy racing forwards with Riven to forecheck as the defence tried to bring it up ice themselves. Poppy closed the distance, forcing them to wheel backwards, cough it up to their defensive partner, eat up precious seconds.
 
  The defence tried to pass it out, but Riven caught a chunk of the puck to send it skittering back down the ice. The Lone Stars couldnt pull Jax out for the extra skater with the puck in their zone — too risky, and so were forced to eat up more time as Poppy skated after it, slowly forcing the defense back. Akali managed to skate back to collect the puck from a defender and raced around the net, starting the attack in its fullest form as Riven skated on her side, badgering her with her stick.
 
  Caitlyn collided with Akali near the edge of the net, forcing her against the boards as Akali shot it to Adler, who coralled it and flung it in an awkward angle at the net, Ekko shutting the door. Davidson got the rebound and his stick clacked on the ice as he fired a howitzer that Ekko flashed the leather on, covering the puck up for the faceoff with one minute and six seconds remaining.
 
  Ekko was calm and collected as the crowd went wild for his save, standing to hand the puck to the ref, muttering under his breath all the while, getting low in his butterfly stance as the Sumprats took the draw. This time, Darius won it back to Claggor, who tucked around the back of the Sumprats net and flung it down the ice, Riven and Poppy chasing it as hard as they could to keep Jax in the Lone Stars net, keep the extra skater on the bench.
 
  Akali went back for it, gathered it and started a new attack, as the announcer called out:
 
  “Last minute of play in the third period!”
 
  The crowd noise began to rise in a cresting wave, a rumbling earthquake as Akali made her decision to go at Caitlyn again, handling the puck fiercely as she went. They targeted Caitlyn because she was tired, and Caitlyn met Akali with a fire in her eyes, bent low, the number 6 fluttering as she met Akali stride for stride.
 
  It was like Wickett was on the ice — the badgering, the predatory defense, the angry, fierce expression as Caitlyn poked and prodded and thumped and shoved Akali to go where she wanted, not where Akali needed. Akali was forced to cough it up in a quick pass that Adler bobbled, Riven grabbed, and the Sumprats were headed back the other way, skating across the blue line and letting the puck hit the corner as the clock passed thirty seconds, the Sumprats quickly changing lines as Leona and Illaoi came onto the ice, as Diana and Thresh came onto the ice, and the Sumprats met the Akali lineup with steel and lumber.
 
  Davidson tried to take it across the blue line, but Illaoi rammed into him at speed, sending him sprawling as she played it to Leona, Leona played it behind her to Diana as Diana raced back up the ice, clearing it and firing it back into the Lone Stars end with fifteen seconds on the clock, and now you couldnt hear yourself breathe, couldnt feel the ice under your blades.
 
  Vi felt her chair vibrating as she wheeled onto the bench, her fists gripping Claggor and Poppys sweaters as she looked up at the running clock, their hands gripping her knuckles as she felt her eyes fill with tears.
 
  The Jumbotron showed the RHL cup — purple and magnificent — as ten seconds remained on the clock.
 
  Akali tried to handle it across the blue line, lost it, and the Sumprats played it back to Caitlyn as she held it in her own end, skated safely behind her net as the crowd went ballistic, Caitlyn lowering her arms to her sides in exhaustion, a smile on her face as the clock ticked down.
 
  Three.
 
  Two.
 
  Won.
 
  The final goal horn sounded, and Caitlyn was gunning it for the bench, ripping off her helmet, her gloves, tossing her stick as Zaun began leaping up and down, and Caitlyn was tearing open the door to the bench as Vi was hopping on one foot, and Vi leapt up as Caitlyn scooped low and Vi was in her arms, cuddled close and they were pressed against the glass, their mouths meeting hungrily, repeatedly, as their team exploded in cheers around them.
 
  The Sumprats leapt onto the ice and screamed and hugged each other, kissed each others cheeks and foreheads as Ekko tore off his equipment and slid on his belly like a penguin in celebration, Viktor clapping mightily as Sevika and Mel Medarda raced from her office, and all the while Vi and Caitlyn kept kissing, and kissing, and kissing — Vis good leg hooked around Caitlyns waist, Caitlyns strong limbs supporting Vis hips as black, white, and red confetti rained down around them. The world around them — the women pressing cell phones to the glass while screaming with shrill voices as they kissed, the announcers going insane in the booth, the little row of their neighbours leaping up and down in excitement and high fiving each other, Lucian clapping his players on the back as their heads hung low in disappointment, Powders camera lens capturing their moment — all of it, shrunk to a single point.
 
  Lips on lips.
 
  “You know what does it for me?” Caitlyn asked huskily, pulling away from Vi.
 
  Vi raised her eyebrows.
 
  “Kissing a champion,” Caitlyn said.
 
  Vi grinned, pressed her lips once more against Caitlyns — a quick one, for posterity.
 
  “Me too,” Vi said, and grinned harder.
  
  Akali was sitting on the ice, her knees bent and her elbows resting on them, when Ahri skated close to her, Champions baseball cap affixed on her head, between her ears. The two ex teammates didnt say anything for a moment, just stood away from the pandemonium of a team that just won the cup, watched them as if they were an ant farm.
 
  "You played really well," Akali said.
 
  "Is it true that you demanded out for me?" Ahri shot back.
 
  Akali lifted her shoulders, watching as the cup was wheeled out, the carpet rolled out for the commissioner to present the Playoff MVP trophy and the RHL cup.
 
  "Breaking in new teammates sucks," Akali replied, "I didnt want to do it again."
 
  Ahri nodded, leaning against the boards at Akalis back and watching as Vi hobbled onto the carpet, aided by Claggor and Illaoi on either side of her, skating slowly so Vi could walk on one foot down the carpet, smiles on all three of their faces.
 
  "Thank you," Ahri said.
 
  "Yep," Akali replied.
 
  "I dont know if Id have done the same," Ahri said, honestly.
 
  "Thats okay," Akali said, slowly rising to her feet on her own volition, "let me know when you figure that out."
 
  As Akali started to skate away, Ahri frowned after her. "I dont know what that means."
 
  "Let me know when you figure that out, too," Akali called over her shoulder, skating up to Claggor to clap his shoulder and shake his hand. She left Ahri confused, standing away from her teammates, flush with victory and filled with something else that trickled inside her, quiet and lurking.
  
  When Commissioner Heimerdinger walked out on stage, he was met with raucous boos and jeering whistles with the crowd, nobody forgetting his role in the Sumprats hard won journey to the moment. He glowered at the fans for a moment, a man prepared to lose his job, and picked up a microphone to speak.
 
  “Ladies and gentlemen," Heimerdinger said, "I am honored and privileged to present the RHL Cup to the first expansion team in any major sport to win a championship in their first year of existence, your 2023 Zaun Sumprats!"
 
  Vi and Caitlyn, both wearing baseball caps that said 2023 Champions on them, stepped forwards — Vi supported by Sevikas shoulders, Caitlyn walking on quaking legs from exhaustion — looked at one another, and grinned.
 
  Caitlyn took one end of the cup, Vi took the other, and together, they hoisted it over their heads, smiles bright and shining.
 
  Together, they heard the cheers of Zaun, they saw the joy on their teammates faces, and feld the cool purple metal beneath their fingertips.
 
  Together, they were champions.


